always use cystagon exactly as your doctor or your child ' s doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . the dose of cystagon prescribed for you or your child will depend on your or your child ' s age and weight . for children up to age 12 years , the dose will be based on the body size ( surface area ), the usual dose being 1 . 30 g / m2 of body surface area per day . for patients over age 12 and over 50 kg weight , the usual dose is 2g / day . in any case the usual dose should not exceed 1 . 95 g / m2 / day . cystagon should be taken or given only by mouth and exactly as your or your child ' s doctor directs . in order for cystagon to work correctly , you must do the following : - follow your doctor ' s directions exactly . do not increase or decrease the amount of medicine without your doctor ' s approval . - hard capsules should not be given to children under approximately six years of age because they may not be able to swallow them and they may choke . for children under approximately six years of age , the hard capsule may be opened and the contents sprinkled on food ( e . g . milk , potatoes or starch based foods ) or mixed in formula . do not add to acidic drinks e . g . orange juice . consult the doctor for complete directions . - your or your child ' s medical treatment may include , in addition to cystagon , one or more supplements to replace important electrolytes lost through the kidneys . it is important to take or give these supplements exactly as instructed . if several doses of the supplements are missed or weakness or drowsiness develops , call the doctor for instructions . - regular blood tests to measure the amount of cystine inside white blood cells are necessary to help determine the correct dose of cystagon . your or your child ' s doctor will arrange for the blood tests to be done . regular blood and urine tests to measure the levels of the body ' s important electrolytes are also necessary to help your or your child ' s doctor correctly adjust the doses of these supplements . cystagon should be taken 4 times a day , every 6 hours , preferably just after or with food . it is important to take the dose as close to every 6 hours as possible . treatment with cystagon should continue indefinitely , as instructed by your doctor . if you use more cystagon than you should : you should contact your or your child ' s doctor or the hospital emergency department immediately if more medicine has been taken than has been prescribed , drowsiness develops . if you forget to take cystagon : if a dose of medicine is missed , it should be taken as soon as possible . however if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
the doctor treating you will apply tachosil during surgery . the quantity of tachosil used depends on the size of the wound . the doctor will place tachosil on the internal organ to stop the bleeding or to seal the tissue . during the following time tachosil will dissolve and disappear .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this medicine will be given to you under the supervision of a doctor or nurse who is knowledgeable in the treatment of hunter syndrome or other inherited metabolic disorders . the recommended dose is an infusion of 0 . 5 mg ( half a milligram ) for every kg you weigh 24 elaprase has to be diluted in sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for infusion before use . after dilution this medicine is given through a vein ( drip feed ). the infusion will normally last for 1 to 3 hours and will be given every week . use in children and adolescents the recommended dosage in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . if you use more elaprase than you should consult your doctor if you have an overdose of this medication . if you forget to use elaprase if you have missed an elaprase infusion , please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take or give this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will advise you whether it is better to take celsentri oral solution , if you ( or your child ) are unable to swallow tablets . how much to take adults the recommended dose of celsentri is 150 mg , 300 mg or 600 mg twice per day depending on other medicines that you are taking at the same time . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . people with kidney problems if you have a kidney problem , your doctor may alter your dose . talk to your doctor if this applies to you . adolescents and children from 2 years of age and weighing at least 10 kg your doctor will decide the correct dose of celsentri based on weight and on other medicines being taken at the same time . celsentri can be taken with or without food . celsentri should always be taken by mouth . celsentri must be taken in combination with other medicines to treat hiv . refer to the package leaflets of these other medicines for guidance on how to take them . if you take or give more celsentri than you should if you accidentally take or give too much celsentri : contact your doctor or the nearest hospital immediately . if you forget to take or give celsentri if you ( or your child ) miss a dose of celsentri , take or give the missed dose as soon as possible and then continue with the next dose at its regular time . if it is almost time for the next dose , do not take or give the missed dose . wait for the next dose at its regular time . do not take or give a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you or your child stop taking celsentri keep taking celsentri until your doctor tells you to stop . taking your medicines at the right time every day is important , as it makes sure the hiv infection does not increase in your body . therefore , unless your doctor tells you ( or your child ) to stop treatment , it is important to keep taking celsentri correctly , as described above . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or your pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of crixivan is : four 200 mg capsules ( 800 mg ) - taken three times a day ( every 8 hours ). this means you will take a total of twelve 200 mg capsules ( 2400 mg ) each day . you usually take less crixivan if you are also taking ritonavir . the recommended doses are : crixivan - two 200 mg capsules ( 400 mg ) - taken twice a day . this means you will take a total of four 200 mg capsules ( 800 mg ) each day . ritonavir - 100 mg - taken twice a day . taking this medicine take this medicine by mouth . swallow the capsules whole with a drink of water , skimmed or low fat milk , juice , tea or coffee . do not crush or chew the capsules . it is important for adults to drink at least 1 . 5 litres of liquid each day while taking crixivan . this will help lower the risk of you getting kidney stones . do not take crixivan with food that is high in calories , fat and protein . this is because these stop your body being able to take in as much crixivan and it will not work as well . when to take take 1 hour before or 2 hours after a meal . if you cannot take it without food then take crixivan with a low - fat light meal . this could be dry toast with jam or cornflakes with skimmed or low - fat milk and sugar . if you are also taking ritonavir , then you can take crixivan at any time of the day with or without food . if you take more crixivan than you should if you take more crixivan than you should , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the following effects may happen : nausea vomiting diarrhoea back pain blood in your urine . if you forget to take crixivan do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have missed a dose , do not take it later in the day . simply continue to follow your usual schedule . if you stop taking crixivan it is important that you take crixivan exactly as your doctor tells you to - he or she will tell you how long you should take your medicine . do not stop taking crixivan without talking to your doctor . this is because reducing or missing doses will make it more likely that hiv will become resistant to crixivan . if this happens , your treatment will stop working . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much nerlynx to take the recommended dose of nerlynx is 6 tablets once a day ( a total of 240 mg ). - take the tablets with food . do not crush or dissolve . do not swallow the desiccant . - take all the tablets with water , at about the same time each day , preferably in the morning . the course of treatment is one year . you need to take an anti - diarrhoea medicine when you start nerlynx nerlynx can cause diarrhoea early during treatment unless anti - diarrhoea medicine is taken to prevent or reduce diarrhoea . diarrhoea usually happens early in treatment with nerlynx and may be severe , causing you to get dehydrated . - start taking anti - diarrhoea medicine with the first dose of nerlynx . - your doctor will tell you how to take the anti - diarrhoea medicine . - keep taking anti - diarrhoea medicine during the first one to two months of nerlynx treatment . your doctor will tell you if you need to keep taking anti - diarrhoea medicine after the first two months to control your diarrhoea . - your doctor will also tell you if you need to change the dose of nerlynx because of diarrhoea . if you take more nerlynx than you should , contact a doctor or a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . some side effects associated with taking more nerlynx than you should are : diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and dehydration . if you forget to take nerlynx - if you forget a dose , wait until the next day before you take the next dose . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking nerlynx - do not stop taking nerlynx without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
). take special care with roteas , - if you know that you have a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk for blood clots ), tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . if you need to have an operation , - it is very important to take roteas before and after the operation exactly at the times you have been told by your doctor . if possible , roteas should be stopped at least 24 hours before an operation . your doctor will determine when to restart roteas . in emergency situations your physician will help determine the appropriate actions regarding roteas . children and adolescents roteas is not recommended in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . there is no information on its use in children and adolescents . other medicines and roteas tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are taking any of the following : some medicines for fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole ); medicines to treat abnormal heart beat ( e . g . dronedarone , quinidine , verapamil ); other medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . heparin , clopidogrel or vitamin k antagonists such as warfarin , acenocoumarol , phenprocoumon or dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ); antibiotic medicines ( e . g . erythromycin ); medicines to prevent organ rejection after transplantation ( e . g . ciclosporin ); anti - inflammatory and pain - relieving medicines ( e . g . naproxen or acetylsalicylic acid ); antidepressant medicines called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or serotonin - norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors ; if any of the above apply to you , tell your doctor before taking roteas , because these medicines may increase the effects of roteas and the chance of unwanted bleeding . your doctor will decide , if you should be treated with roteas and if you should be kept under observation . if you are taking any of the following : some medicines for treatment of epilepsy ( e . g . phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ); st john ' s wort , a herbal product used for anxiety and mild depression ; rifampicin , an antibiotic medicine . if any of the above apply to you , tell your doctor before taking roteas , because the effect of roteas may be reduced . your doctor will decide if you should be treated with roteas and if you should be kept under observation . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not take roteas if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . if there is a chance that you could become pregnant , use a reliable contraceptive while you are taking roteas . if you become pregnant while you are taking roteas , immediately tell your doctor , who will decide how you should be treated . driving and using machines roteas has no or negligible effects on your ability to drive or use machines . 3 . how to take roteas always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 60 mg tablet once daily . - if you have impaired kidney function , the dose may be reduced to one 30 mg tablet once daily by your doctor ; - if your body weight is 60 kg or lower , the recommended dose is one 30 mg tablet once daily ; - if your doctor has prescribed medicines known as p - gp inhibitors : ciclosporin , dronedarone , erythromycin , or ketoconazole , the recommended dose is one 30 mg tablet once daily . how to take the tablet swallow the tablet , preferably with water . roteas can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take roteas . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take it . if necessary , your doctor may also give you the crushed roteas tablet through a stomach tube . your doctor may change your anticoagulant treatment as follows : changing from vitamin k antagonists ( e . g . warfarin ) to roteas stop taking the vitamin k antagonist ( e . g . warfarin ). your doctor will need to do blood measurements and will instruct you when to start taking roteas . changing from non - vka oral anticoagulants ( dabigatran , rivaroxaban , or apixaban ) to roteas stop taking the previous medicines ( e . g . dabigatran , rivaroxaban , or apixaban ) and start roteas at the time of the next scheduled dose . changing from parenteral anticoagulants ( e . g . heparin ) to roteas stop taking the anticoagulant ( e . g . heparin ) and start roteas at the time of the next scheduled anticoagulant dose . changing from roteas to vitamin k antagonists ( e . g . warfarin ) if you currently take 60 mg roteas : your doctor will tell you to reduce your dose of roteas to a 30 mg tablet once daily and to take it together with a vitamin k antagonist ( e . g . warfarin ). your doctor will need to do blood measurements and will instruct you when to stop taking roteas . if you currently take 30 mg ( dose reduced ) roteas : your doctor will tell you to reduce your dose of roteas to a 15 mg tablet once daily and to take it together with a vitamin k antagonist ( e . g . warfarin ). your doctor will need to do blood measurements and will instruct you when to stop taking roteas . changing from roteas to non - vka oral anticoagulants ( dabigatran , rivaroxaban , or apixaban ) stop taking roteas and start the non - vka anticoagulant ( e . g . dabigatran , rivaroxaban , or apixaban ) at the time of the next scheduled dose of roteas . changing from roteas to parenteral anticoagulants ( e . g . heparin ) stop taking roteas and start the parenteral anticoagulant ( e . g . heparin ) at the time of the next scheduled dose of roteas . patients undergoing cardioversion : if your abnormal heartbeat needs to be restored to normal by a procedure called cardioversion , take roteas at the times your doctor tells you to prevent blood clots in the brain and other blood vessels in your body . if you take more roteas than you should tell your doctor immediately if you have taken too many roteas tablets . if you take more roteas than recommended , you may have an increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take roteas you should take the tablet immediately and then continue the following day with the once daily tablet as usual . do not take a double dose on the same day to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking roteas do not stop taking roteas without talking to your doctor first , because roteas treats and prevents serious conditions . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is a powder that must be first mixed with drinking water before use . this is always done by a pharmacist or a nurse and not by yourself . the usual dose is 20 mg 5 - ala hcl per kilogram body weight . the pharmacist or nurse will calculate the exact dose you need and the amount of the solution ( in ml ) you have to drink . you have to drink the prepared solution 2 - 4 hours before anaesthesia . if the anaesthesia / surgery is delayed by some hours , additional doses of this medicine must not be given . if the surgery is delayed by one or more days , another dose of this medicine can be taken 2 4 hours before anaesthesia . if you take more gliolan than you should if you have taken more gliolan than you should , your doctor will decide on any necessary measures to avoid any problems , including sufficient protection from strong light ( for example direct sunlight ). if you forget to take gliolan this medicine is given once only at the day of surgery , 2 4 hours before start of anaesthesia . if you have forgotten to take this medicine during this time period , it is not advisable to take it just before start of anaesthesia . in this case , anaesthesia and surgery must be postponed for at least 2 hours , if possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use protopy exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . apply protopy as a thin layer to affected areas of your skin . protopy may be used on most parts of the body , including the face and neck and in the creases of your elbows and knees . avoid using the ointment inside your nose or mouth or in your eyes . if the ointment gets on any of these areas , it should be thoroughly wiped off and / or rinsed off with water . do not cover the skin being treated with bandages or wraps . wash your hands after applying protopy unless your hands are also being treated . before applying protopy after a bath or shower , be sure your skin is completely dry . children ( 2 years of age and older ) apply protopy twice a day for up to three weeks , once in the morning and once in the evening . afterwards the ointment should be used once a day on each affected region of the skin until the eczema has gone away . adults ( 16 years of age and older ) two strengths of protopy ( protopy 0 . 03 % and protopy 0 . 1 % ointment ) are available for adult patients . your doctor will decide which strength is best for you . usually , treatment is started with protopy 0 . 1 % ointment twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , until the eczema has cleared . if symptoms reappear , treatment with protopy 0 . 1 % twice a day should be restarted . depending on the response of your eczema your doctor will decide if the frequency of application can be reduced or the lower strength , protopy 0 . 03 % ointment , can be used . treat each affected region of your skin until the eczema has gone away . improvement is usually seen within one week . if you do not see any improvement after two weeks , see your doctor about other possible treatments . treatment with protopy may be repeated if symptoms reappear . if you accidentally swallow some ointment if you accidentally swallow the ointment , consult your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . do not try to induce vomiting . if you forget to use protopy if you forget to apply the ointment at the scheduled time , do it as soon as you remember and then continue as before . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take irbesartan bms exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration irbesartan bms is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take irbesartan bms with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take irbesartan bms until your doctor tells you otherwise . patients with high blood pressure the usual dose is 150 mg once a day ( two tablets a day ). the dose may later be increased to 300 mg ( four tablets a day ) once daily depending on blood pressure response . patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes , 300 mg ( four tablets a day ) once daily is the preferred maintenance dose for the treatment of associated kidney disease . the doctor may advise a lower dose , especially when starting treatment in certain patients such as those on haemodialysis , or those over the age of 75 years . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 4 - 6 weeks after beginning treatment . if you take more irbesartan bms than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . children should not take irbesartan bms irbesartan bms should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take irbesartan bms if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . cymbalta is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . for depression and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual dose of cymbalta is 60 mg once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose of cymbalta is 30 mg once a day after which most patients will receive 60 mg once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted up to 120 mg a day based on your response to cymbalta . to help you remember to take cymbalta , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking cymbalta . do not stop taking cymbalta , or change your dose , without talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more cymbalta than you should call your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the amount of cymbalta prescribed by your doctor . symptoms of overdose include sleepiness , coma , serotonin syndrome ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits , vomiting and fast heart rate . if you forget to take cymbalta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take more than the daily amount of cymbalta that has been prescribed for you in one day . if you stop taking cymbalta do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if your doctor thinks that you no longer need cymbalta he or she will ask you to reduce your dose over at least 2 weeks before stopping treatment altogether . some patients who stop taking cymbalta suddenly have had symptoms such as : dizziness , tingling feelings like pins and needles or electric shock - like feelings ( particularly in the head ), sleep disturbances ( vivid dreams , nightmares , inability to sleep ), fatigue , sleepiness , feeling restless or agitated , feeling anxious , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), shaking ( tremor ), headaches , muscle pain , feeling irritable , diarrhoea , excessive sweating or vertigo . these symptoms are usually not serious and disappear within a few days , but if you have symptoms that are troublesome you should ask your doctor for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take mantle cell lymphoma ( mcl ) the recommended dose of imbruvica is four capsules ( 560 mg ) once a day . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll )/ waldenström ' s macroglobulinaemia ( wm ) the recommended dose of imbruvica is three capsules ( 420 mg ) once a day . your doctor may adjust your dose . taking this medicine take the capsules orally ( by mouth ) with a glass of water . take the capsules about the same time each day . swallow the capsules whole . do not open , break or chew them . if you take more imbruvica than you should if you take more imbruvica than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the capsules and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take imbruvica if you miss a dose , it can be taken as soon as possible on the same day with a return to the normal schedule the following day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse about when to take your next dose . if you stop taking imbruvica do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your physician will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take azomyr . if your allergic rhinitis is intermittent ( presence of symptoms for less than 4 days per week or for less than 4 weeks ), your physician will recommend you a treatment schedule that will depend on the evaluation of the history of your disease . if your allergic rhinitis is persistent ( presence of symptoms for 4 days or more per week and for more than 4 weeks ), your physician may recommend you a longer term treatment . for urticaria , the duration of treatment may be variable from patient to patient and therefore you should follow the instructions of your physician . if you take more azomyr than you should take azomyr only as it is prescribed for you . no serious problems are expected with accidental overdose . however , if you take more azomyr than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take azomyr if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible and then go back to your regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking azomyr if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
treatment with extavia should be started under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is every other day ( once every two days ), 1 . 0 ml of the prepared extavia solution ( see annex " self - injection procedure " in the second part of this leaflet ) injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this equals 250 microgram ( 8 . 0 million iu ) interferon beta - 1b . in general , treatment should be started at a low dose of 0 . 25 ml ( 62 . 5 microgram ). your doses will then be increased gradually to the full dose of 1 . 0 ml ( 250 microgram ). the dose should be increased at every fourth injection in four steps ( 0 . 25 ml , 0 . 5 ml , 0 . 75 ml , 1 . 0 ml ). your doctor may decide together with you to change the time intervals for dose increase depending on side effects you may experience at the start of treatment . preparing the injection before injection , the extavia solution has to be prepared from a vial of extavia powder and 1 . 2 ml of liquid from the pre - filled solvent syringe . this will either be done by your doctor or nurse or by yourself after you have been carefully trained . detailed instructions for self - injection of extavia under the skin are provided in the annex at the back of this leaflet . these instructions also tell you how to prepare the extavia solution for injection . the injection site must be changed regularly . see section 2 " warnings and precautions " and follow the instructions under " rotating injection sites " in the annex at the back of this leaflet . duration of treatment at present it is not known how long treatment with extavia should last . the length of treatment will be decided by your doctor together with you . if you use more extavia than you should giving many times the dose of extavia recommended for the treatment of multiple sclerosis has not led to life - threatening situations . talk to your doctor if you inject too much extavia or injected too often . if you forget to use extavia if you have forgotten to give yourself an injection at the right time do it as soon as you remember and then follow on with the next one 48 hours later . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten individual dose . if you stop using extavia talk to your doctor if you stop or wish to stop treatment . stopping extavia is not known to cause acute withdrawal symptoms . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the maximum starting dose of trobalt is 100 mg , taken three times a day ( a total of 300 mg a day ). your doctor may gradually adjust your dose over a few weeks so that your seizures are better controlled , and side effects are kept to a minimum . the maximum dose is 400 mg taken three times a day ( a total of 1 , 200 mg a day ). if you are over 65 years you will usually be given a reduced starting dose and your doctor may limit the maximum dose to 900 mg a day . if you have kidney or liver problems , your doctor may give you a reduced dose of trobalt . don ' t take any more trobalt than your doctor has recommended . it may take a few weeks to find the right dose of trobalt for you . how to take trobalt is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . don ' t chew , crush or split the tablet . you can take trobalt with or without food . if you take more trobalt than you should if you take too many tablets of trobalt , you may be more likely to have side effects , or any of these symptoms : feeling agitated , aggressive or irritable effects on heart rhythm . contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice if you ever take more trobalt than you are prescribed . if possible , show them the medicine pack . if you forget to take trobalt if you miss any doses , just take one dose as soon as you remember . then leave at least 3 hours before your next dose . don ' t take more than one dose at a time to make up for missed doses . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist . don ' t stop taking trobalt without advice take trobalt for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to . if you stop taking trobalt if you suddenly stop taking trobalt , your seizures may come back or get worse . do not reduce your dose unless your doctor tells you to . to stop taking trobalt , it is important that the dose is reduced gradually , over at least 3 weeks . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and if you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking temozolomide teva to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme if you are a newly - diagnosed patient , treatment will occur in two phases : - treatment together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase ) first - followed by treatment with only temozolomide teva ( monotherapy phase ). during the concomitant phase , your doctor will start temozolomide teva at a dose of 75 mg / m2 ( usual dose ). you will take this dose every day for 42 days ( up to 49 days ) in combination with radiotherapy . the temozolomide teva dose may be delayed or stopped , depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during the concomitant phase . once the radiotherapy is completed , you will interrupt treatment for 4 weeks . this will give your body a chance to recover . then , you will start the monotherapy phase . during the monotherapy phase , the dose and way you take temozolomide teva will be different . your doctor will work out your exact dose . there may be up to 6 treatment periods ( cycles ). each one lasts 28 days . you will take your new dose of temozolomide teva alone once daily for the first 5 days (" dosing days ") of each cycle . the first dose will be 150 mg / m2 . then you will have 23 days without temozolomide teva . this adds up to a 28 - day treatment cycle . after day 28 , the next cycle will begin . you will again take temozolomide teva once daily for 5 days followed by 23 days without temozolomide teva . the temozolomide teva dose may be adjusted , delayed or stopped depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . patients with tumours that have returned or worsened ( malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma ) taking temozolomide teva only a treatment cycle with temozolomide teva lasts 28 days . you will take temozolomide teva alone once daily for the first 5 days . this daily dose depends on whether or not you have received chemotherapy before . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide teva will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with 50 chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide teva will be 150 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . then , you will have 23 days without temozolomide teva . this adds up to a 28 - day treatment cycle . after day 28 , the next cycle will begin . you will again receive temozolomide teva once daily for 5 days , followed by 23 days without temozolomide teva . before each new treatment cycle , your blood will be tested to see if the temozolomide teva dose needs to be adjusted . depending on your blood test results , your doctor may adjust your dose for the next cycle . how to take temozolomide teva take your prescribed dose of temozolomide teva once a day , preferably at the same time each day . take the capsules on an empty stomach ; for example , at least one hour before you plan to eat breakfast . swallow the capsule ( s ) whole with a glass of water . do not open , crush or chew the capsules . if a capsule is damaged , avoid contact of the powder with your skin , eyes or nose . if you accidentally get some in your eyes or nose , flush the area with water . depending on the prescribed dose , you may have to take more than one capsule together , eventually with different strengths ( content of active substance , in mg ). the colour and marking of the capsule is different for each strength ( see table below ). strength colour / marking temozolomide teva 5 mg two stripes in green ink on the cap and " t 5 mg " in green ink on the body temozolomide teva 20 mg two stripes in orange ink on the cap and " t 20 mg " in orange ink on the body temozolomide teva 100 mg two stripes in pink ink on the cap and " t 100 mg " in pink ink on the body temozolomide teva 140 mg two stripes in blue ink on the cap and " t 140 mg " in blue ink on the body temozolomide teva 180 mg two stripes in red ink on the cap and " t 180 mg " in red ink on the body temozolomide teva 250 mg two stripes in black ink on the cap and " t 250 mg " in black ink on the body you should make sure you fully understand and remember the following : how many capsules you need to take every dosing day . ask your doctor or pharmacist to write it down ( including the colour ). which days are your dosing days . review the dose with your doctor each time you start a new cycle , since it may be different from the last cycle . always take temozolomide teva exactly as your doctor has told you . it is very important to check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . errors in how you take this medicine may have serious health consequences . if you take more temozolomide teva than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide teva capsules than you were told to , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take temozolomide teva take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if a full day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose , unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take desloratadine actavis . if your allergic rhinitis is intermittent ( presence of symptoms for less than 4 days per week or for less than 4 weeks ), your doctor will recommend you a treatment schedule that will depend on the evaluation of the history of your disease . if your allergic rhinitis is persistent ( presence of symptoms for 4 days or more per week and for more than 4 weeks ), your doctor may recommend you a longer term treatment . for urticaria , the duration of treatment may be variable from patient to patient and therefore you should follow the instructions of your doctor . if you take more desloratadine actavis than you should take desloratadine actavis only as it is prescribed for you . no serious problems are expected with accidental overdose . however , if you take more desloratadine actavis than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take desloratadine actavis if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible and then go back to your regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking desloratadine actavis if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ambrisentan mylan to take the usual dose of ambrisentan mylan is one 5 mg tablet , once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg , once a day . if you take cyclosporine a , do not take more than one 5 mg tablet of ambrisentan mylan once a day . how to take ambrisentan mylan it is best to take your tablet at the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole , with a glass of water , do not split , crush or chew the tablet . you can take ambrisentan mylan with or without food . if you take more ambrisentan mylan than you should if you take too many tablets you may be more likely to have side effects , such as headache , flushing , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), or low blood pressure that could cause light - headedness : → ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice if you take more tablets than prescribed . if you forget to take ambrisentan mylan if you forget a dose of ambrisentan mylan , just take the tablet as soon as you remember , then carry on as before . → don ' t take two doses at the same time to make up for a forgotten dose don ' t stop taking ambrisentan mylan without your doctor ' s advice ambrisentan mylan is a treatment that you will need to keep on taking to control your pah . → don ' t stop taking ambrisentan mylan unless you have agreed this with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). adults a dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . clinical data suggest that a single dose may be sufficient . if a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . elderly : a dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine and a second dose of 0 . 5 ml at least three weeks later . use in children and adolescents children and adolescents 3 - 17 years of age : you or your child will receive one dose of 0 . 5 ml vaccine . available clinical data suggest that a single dose may be sufficient . if a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . children 6 months to 35 months : you or your child will receive one dose of 0 . 5 ml vaccine . if a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . children aged less than 6 months of age : vaccination is currently not recommended in this age group . when focetria is given for the first dose , it is recommended that focetria ( and not another vaccine against h1n1v ) be given for the complete vaccination course .
bridion will be given to you by your anaesthetist , or under the care of your anaesthetist . the dose your anaesthetist will work out the dose of bridion you need based on : your weight how much the muscle relaxant medicine is still affecting you . the usual dose is 2 - 4 mg per kg body weight . a dose of 16 mg / kg can be used in adults if urgent recovery from muscle relaxation is needed . the dose of bridion for children is 2 mg / kg ( children and adolescents between 2 - 17 years old ). how bridion is given bridion will be given to you by your anaesthetist . it is given as a single injection through an intravenous line . if more bridion is given to you than recommended as your anaesthetist will be monitoring your condition carefully , it is unlikely that you will be given too much bridion . but even if this happens , it is unlikely to cause any problems . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your anaesthetist or other doctor .
your medicine will be injected by a doctor or a nurse . your treatment should be supervised by a doctor who has expertise in thyroid cancer . thyrogen powder must be dissolved in water for injection . only one vial of thyrogen is required per injection . thyrogen should only be administered into the buttock muscle . this solution should never be injected into a vein . thyrogen must not be mixed with other medicines in the same injection . the recommended dose of thyrogen is two doses administered 24 hours apart . your doctor or nurse will inject 1 . 0 ml of the thyrogen solution . when you undergo radioiodine imaging or elimination ( ablation ), your doctor will give you radioiodine 24 hours after your final thyrogen injection . diagnostic scanning should be performed 48 to 72 hours after the radioiodine administration ( 72 to 96 hours after the final injection of thyrogen ). post - treatment scanning may be delayed a few days to allow background radioactivity to decline . for thyroglobulin ( tg ) testing , your doctor or nurse will take a serum sample 72 hours after the last injection of thyrogen . use in children your child ' s doctor will help you decide if thyrogen should be given to your child . if you are given more thyrogen than you should receive patients who accidentally received too much thyrogen have reported nausea , weakness , dizziness , headache , vomiting and hot flashes . a suggested treatment in case of overdose would be the reestablishment of fluid balance and administration of an antiemetic may also be considered . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
sylvant will be given to you by your doctor or nurse , in a hospital or clinic only . the recommended dose is 11 milligrams per kilogram of body weight , given once every 3 weeks . sylvant will be given as an " intravenous infusion " ( a drip into a vein , usually in your arm ). it will be given slowly over a period of 1 hour . during the infusion with sylvant , you will be monitored for side effects . you will receive treatment until you and your doctor agree that you will no longer benefit from the treatment . if you are given more sylvant than you should as this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much sylvant , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . it is not known what the possible side effects could be from having too much sylvant . if you stop treatment with sylvant you should not stop using sylvant without discussing with your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
zutectra is intended for subcutaneous ( under the skin ) injection . the contents of one syringe are intended for use once only . do not inject into a blood vessel . in most cases you will be given the injection by your doctor or nurse . however , if your antibody levels are sufficient and you have a fixed dose regimen , you or your caregiver may be trained to carry out the injection at home ( see below ). for the documentation of your injections of zutectra it is strongly recommended to use the treatment diary . your doctor will explain you how to use it . the dose can be individually established and adapted from 500 iu up to 1 , 000 iu ( in exceptional cases up to 1 , 500 iu ) weekly or fortnightly . the dose will depend on your condition . your doctor will regularly check your condition and tell you how much and how often you need to use zutectra . injecting by yourself or by caregiver you can inject zutectra yourself without the help of your doctor , if they have trained you to do this . if you are administering zutectra yourself , please read instructions in the section " how to inject zutectra by yourself or by caregiver " carefully . zutectra must be brought to room temperature ( approx . 23 - 27 ) before use . if you use more zutectra than you should consequences of an overdose are not known . however , if you have used more than the prescribed dose of zutectra , contact your doctor , healthcare professional or pharmacist straight away for advice . if you forget to use zutectra do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten injection . talk to your doctor about managing the dose . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use zutectra . make sure you use zutectra as prescribed and as instructed by your doctor to avoid the risk of a hepatitis b re - infection .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . recommended dose harvoni is to be taken as advised by your doctor . the recommended dose of harvoni in adults is one 90 mg / 400 mg film - coated tablet once a day . your doctor will tell you for how many weeks you should take harvoni . the recommended dose of harvoni in children aged 3 years and above is based on weight . take harvoni as advised by your doctor . swallow the tablet ( s ) whole with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have problems swallowing tablets . if you are taking an antacid , take it at least 4 hours before or at least 4 hours after harvoni . if you are taking a proton pump inhibitor , take the proton pump inhibitor at the same time as harvoni . do not take it before harvoni . if you are sick ( vomit ) after taking harvoni it may affect the amount of harvoni in your blood . this may make harvoni work less well . if you are sick ( vomit ) less than 5 hours after taking harvoni , take another dose . if you are sick ( vomit ) more than 5 hours after taking harvoni , you do not need to take another dose until your next scheduled dose . if you take more harvoni than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose you should contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take harvoni it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose , work out how long it is since you last took your harvoni : 97 if you notice within 18 hours of the time you usually take harvoni , you must take the dose as soon as possible . then take the next dose at your usual time . if it ' s 18 hours or more after the time you usually take harvoni , wait and take the next dose at your usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses close together ). do not stop taking harvoni do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . it is very important that you complete the full course of treatment to give the medicine the best chance to treat your hepatitis c virus infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take your tablet at least 6 hours after you had last had anything to eat , drink or any other medicines or supplements except water . water with a high concentration of calcium should not be used . if there is concern regarding potentially high levels of calcium in the tap water ( hard water ), it is advised to use bottled water with a low mineral content . your doctor may do regular blood tests while you are taking ibandronic acid teva . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . taking this medicine it is important that you take ibandronic acid teva at the right time and in the right way . this is because it can cause irritation , inflammation or ulcers in your food pipe / gullet ( oesophagus ). you can help stop this happening by doing the following : take your tablet as soon as you get up for the day before having your first food , drink , any medicine or supplements . take your tablet with a full glass of water only ( about 200 ml ). do not take your tablet with any drink other than water . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , suck or crush the tablet . do not let the tablet dissolve in your mouth . after taking your tablet , wait at least 30 minutes . then you can have your first food and drink , and take any medicines or supplements . stay upright ( sitting or standing ) while taking your tablet and for the next hour ( 60 minutes ). otherwise , some of the medicine could leak back into your food pipe / gullet ( oesophagus ). how much to take the usual dose of ibandronic acid teva is one tablet each day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you take more ibandronic acid teva than you should if you take too many tablets talk to a doctor or go to hospital straight away . drink a full glass of milk before you go . do not make yourself sick . do not lie down . if you forget to take ibandronic acid teva do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet every other day or once a week , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you stop taking ibandronic acid teva keep taking ibandronic acid teva for as long as your doctor tells you . this is because the medicine will only work if it is taken all the time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with visudyne is a two - step process first your doctor or the pharmacist will prepare the visudyne infusion solution . it will be administered by your doctor or nurse into a vein using a drip ( intravenous infusion ). the second step is the activation of visudyne in the eye 15 minutes after the start of the infusion . your doctor will put a special contact lens onto your eye and treat your eye using a special laser . it takes 83 seconds to deliver the laser dose required to activate visudyne . during this time , you will have to follow your doctor ' s instructions and keep your eyes still . if necessary , visudyne therapy can be repeated every 3 months , up to 4 times per year . use in children visudyne is a treatment for adults only and not indicated for the use in children . if you are given more visudyne than you should be overdose of visudyne may prolong the time during which you are sensitive to light and you may need to follow the protection instructions given in section 2 for longer than 48 hours . your doctor will advise you . overdose of visudyne and light in the treated eye may result in severe vision decrease . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . ivabradine anpharm should be taken during meals . ivabradine anpharm 5 mg tablet can be divided into equal doses . if you are being treated for stable angina pectoris the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of ivabradine anpharm 5 mg twice daily . if you still have angina symptoms and if you have tolerated the 5 mg twice daily dose well , the dose may be increased . the maintenance dose should not exceed 7 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are aged 75 years or more ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of ivabradine anpharm 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of ivabradine anpharm 5 mg twice daily increasing if necessary to one tablet of ivabradine anpharm 7 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases 32 classified as confidential by the european medicines agency ( e . g . if you are aged 75 years or more ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of ivabradine anpharm 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you take more ivabradine anpharm than you should : a large dose of ivabradine anpharm could make you feel breathless or tired because your heart slows down too much . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ivabradine anpharm : if you forget to take a dose of ivabradine anpharm , take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . the calendar printed on the blister containing the tablets should help you remember when you last took a tablet of ivabradine anpharm . if you stop taking ivabradine anpharm : as the treatment for angina or chronic heart failure is usually life - long , you should discuss with your doctor before stopping this medicinal product . if you think that the effect of ivabradine anpharm is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 10 mg . take a vivanza tablet about 25 to 60 minutes before sexual activity . with sexual stimulation you may achieve an erection anywhere from 25 minutes up to four to five hours after taking vivanza . - swallow one tablet with a glass of water . do not take vivanza film - coated tablets with any other forms of vivanza . do not take vivanza more than once a day . tell your doctor if you think vivanza is too strong or too weak . he or she may suggest a switch to an alternative vardenafil formulation with a different dose , depending on how well it works for you . if you take more vivanza than you should men who take too much vivanza may experience more side effects or may get severe back pain . if you take more vivanza than you should , tell your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of rivastigmine sandoz to take treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking rivastigmine sandoz . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take rivastigmine sandoz twice a day in the morning and evening with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more rivastigmine sandoz than you should if you accidentally take more rivastigmine sandoz than you should , inform your doctor . you may require medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much rivastigmine sandoz have experienced feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high blood pressure and hallucinations . slow heartbeat and fainting may also occur . if you forget to take rivastigmine sandoz if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of rivastigmine sandoz , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
taxotere will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration taxotere will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to taxotere . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , or hospital pharmacist .
the doctor calculates your dose of metalyse according to your bodyweight , based on the following scheme : bodyweight ( kg ) less than 60 60 to 70 70 to 80 80 to 90 above 90 metalyse ( u ) 6 , 000 7 , 000 8 , 000 9 , 000 10 , 000 47 your doctor will give you the medicinal product to prevent blood clotting in addition to metalyse , as soon as possible after your chest pain starts . metalyse is given by a single injection into a vein by a doctor who is experienced in the use of this type of medicinal product . your doctor will give metalyse as soon as possible after your chest pain starts as a single dose .
hexyon will be given to your child by a doctor or nurse trained in the use of vaccines and who are equipped to deal with any uncommon severe allergic reaction to the injection ( see section 4 possible side effects ). hexyon is given as an injection into a muscle ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper part of your child ' s leg or upper arm . the vaccine will never be given into a blood vessel or into or under the skin . the recommended dose is as follows : first course of vaccination ( primary vaccination ) your child will receive either two injections given at an interval of two months or three injections given at an interval of one to two months ( at least four weeks apart ). this vaccine should be used according to the local vaccination programme . additional injections ( booster ) after the first course of injections , your child will receive a booster dose , in accordance with local recommendations , at least 6 months after the last dose of the first course . your doctor will tell you when this dose should be given . if you forget one dose of hexyon if your child misses a scheduled injection , it is important that you discuss with your doctor or nurse who will decide when to give the missed dose . it is important to follow the instructions from the doctor or nurse so that your child completes the course of injections . if not , your child may not be fully protected against the diseases . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take the number of tablets following your doctor ' s instructions . levetiracetam teva must be taken twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 16 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking levetiracetam teva , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 1 , 000 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . an oral solution is a formulation more appropriate to infants and children under the age of 6 years and to children and adolescent ( from 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg and when tablets don ' t allow accurate dosage . method of administration swallow levetiracetam teva tablets with a sufficient quantity of liquid ( e . g . a glass of water ). you may take levetiracetam teva with or without food . after oral administration the bitter taste of levetiracetam may be experienced . duration of treatment levetiracetam teva is used as a chronic treatment . you should continue levetiracetam teva treatment for as long as your doctor has told you . do not stop your treatment without your doctor ' s advice as this could increase your seizures . if you take more levetiracetam teva than you should the possible side effects of an overdose of levetiracetam teva are sleepiness , agitation , aggression , decrease of alertness , inhibition of breathing and coma . contact your doctor if you took more tablets than you should . your doctor will establish the best possible treatment of overdose . if you forget to take levetiracetam teva contact your doctor if you have missed one or more doses . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking levetiracetam teva 43 if stopping treatment , levetiracetam teva should be discontinued gradually to avoid an increase of seizures . should your doctor decide to stop your levetiracetam teva treatment , he / she will instruct you about the gradual withdrawal of levetiracetam teva . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much hirobriz breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . your doctor may tell you to use the 150 microgram capsule or the 300 microgram capsule depending on your condition and on how you respond to the treatment . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use your inhaler at the same time each day , the effects last for 24 hours . this ensures that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . it will also help you to remember to use it . how to use hirobriz breezhaler in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blister ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . the hirobriz breezhaler inhaler enables you to inhale the medicine contained in a capsule . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( hirobriz breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . when you start a new pack , use the new hirobriz breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . dispose of each inhaler after 30 days of use . do not swallow the capsules . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information about how to use the inhaler . if you use more hirobriz breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much hirobriz breezhaler or if someone else uses your capsules , tell your doctor immediately or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of hirobriz breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to vomit . if you forget to use hirobriz breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose , inhale just one dose at the usual time the next day . do not inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . how long to continue your treatment with hirobriz breezhaler keep using your treatment with hirobriz breezhaler for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use hirobriz breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with hirobriz breezhaler , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of rivastigmine actavis to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine actavis for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking rivastigmine actavis . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take rivastigmine actavis twice a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more rivastigmine actavis than you should if you accidentally take more rivastigmine actavis than you should , inform your doctor . you may require medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much rivastigmine actavis have experienced feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high blood pressure and hallucinations . slow heartbeat and fainting may also occur . if you forget to take rivastigmine actavis if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of rivastigmine actavis , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use rolufta ellipta regularly it is very important that you use rolufta ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). how to use the inhaler see ' step - by - step instructions for use ' in this leaflet for full information . rolufta ellipta is for inhalation use . to use rolufta ellipta , you breathe it into your lungs through your mouth using the ellipta inhaler . if your symptoms do not improve if your copd symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or get worse , or if you are using your quick - acting inhaler more often : contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you use more rolufta ellipta than you should if you accidentally use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you have visual disturbances or have a dry mouth . if you forget to use rolufta ellipta don ' t inhale an extra dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using rolufta ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . it will only be effective as long as you are using it . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet , twice a day . the tablets should be taken by mouth , every 12 hours , at the same time of the day each day ( e . g . in the morning and evening ). if you take more rilutek than you should if you take too many tablets , contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take rilutek if you forget to take your tablet , leave out that dose completely and take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
apealea is given to you by a doctor or nurse by a slow drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about one hour . the dose is based on your body surface area ( worked out from your height and weight ) and blood test results . the usual dose is 250 mg / m2 body surface area given every three weeks for up to six treatments . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine the appropriate strength for you , depending on your condition , your current treatment and your personal risk status . the usual dose is one tablet per day . you can take cholib with or without food . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . you should continue a low - fat diet or other measures ( e . g . exercise , weight reduction ) whilst taking cholib . if you take more cholib than you should if you have taken more cholib than you should or if someone else has taken your medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist or contact your nearest hospital if you forget to take cholib do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . take the next tablet at your regular time on the next day . if you are worried about this , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 600 - mg xenleta tablet taken every 12 hours for 5 days . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . xenleta tablets may also be taken after starting treatment with xenleta infusion via an intravenous drip . the number of days you then need to take xenleta tablets will depend on how many days you had treatment by a drip . your doctor will tell you for how long you should take xenleta . it is important that you complete the course . if you take more xenleta than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take xenleta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . you should continue with your course from the next scheduled dose . if you stop taking xenleta take the complete course of tablets prescribed by your doctor , even if you begin to feel better before you have finished them all . if you stop taking the tablets too soon , the infection may return , or your condition may get worse . some bacteria may remain and become resistant to antibiotics if you do not complete the course or if you do not take your tablets at the right time . this can result in the infection returning or in the antibiotic not working if the infection returns . if you get a side effect that concerns you , tell a doctor immediately to get advice before taking the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended daily dose in adults is 4 tablets of stivarga 40 mg ( 160 mg regorafenib ). your doctor may change your dose . take the dose of stivarga that your doctor prescribes for you . your doctor will usually ask you to take stivarga for 3 weeks and then to stop for 1 week . this is 1 cycle of treatment . take stivarga at the same time each day after a light ( low - fat ) meal . swallow the tablet whole with water after a light meal that contains less than 30 % fat . an example of a light ( low - fat ) meal would include 1 portion of cereal ( about 30 g ), 1 glass of skimmed milk , 1 slice of toast with jam , 1 glass of apple juice , and 1 cup of coffee or tea ( 520 calories , 2 g fat ). you should not take stivarga together with grapefruit juice ( see also section ' taking stivarga with food and drink '). in case of vomiting after regorafenib administration , you should not take additional tablets and you should inform your doctor . your doctor may need to reduce your dose or may decide to interrupt or discontinue the treatment permanently if necessary . you will usually take stivarga as long as you are benefiting and not suffering unacceptable side effects . no dosage adjustment is necessary if you have a mildly impaired liver function . if you have a mildly or moderately impaired liver function while you are being treated with stivarga , your doctor should monitor you closely . if your liver function is severely impaired , you should not be treated with stivarga , as there are no data on the use of stivarga in patients with a severely impaired liver function . no dosage adjustment is necessary if you have a mildly , moderately or severely impaired kidney function . if you take more stivarga than you should tell your doctor immediately if you have taken more than your prescribed dose . you may require medical attention and your doctor may tell you to stop taking stivarga . taking too much stivarga may make some side effects more likely or more severe , especially : - skin reactions ( rash , blisters , redness , pain , swelling , itching or peeling of your skin ) - voice changes or hoarseness ( dysphonia ) - frequent or loose bowel movements ( diarrhoea ) - mouth sores ( mucosal inflammation ) 41 - dry mouth - decreased appetite - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - excessive tiredness ( fatigue ). if you forget to take stivarga if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember on that day . do not take two doses of stivarga on the same day to make up for a missed dose from the previous day . tell your doctor about any missed dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for type 1 gaucher disease : for adults , the usual dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 12 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 600 mg ). for children less than 12 years old , your doctor will adjust the dose for niemann - pick type c disease . if you have a problem with your kidneys you may receive a lower starting dose . your doctor may reduce your dose , e . g ., to one capsule ( 100 mg ) once or twice a day , if you suffer from diarrhoea when taking miglustat gen . orph ( see section 4 ). your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . miglustat gen . orph can be taken with or without food . you should swallow the whole capsule with a glass of water . if you take more miglustat gen . orph than you should if you take more capsules than you were told to , consult your doctor immediately . miglustat has been used in clinical trials at doses ten times higher than the recommended dose : this caused decreases in white blood cells and other side effects similar to those described in section 4 . if you forget to take miglustat gen . orph take the next capsule at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking miglustat gen . orph don ' t stop taking miglustat gen . orph without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of 20 mg pantoprazole daily . you should take this medicine for at least 2 - 3 consecutive days . stop taking pantoloc control when you are completely symptom - free . you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day of treatment with pantoloc control , but this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . if you have no symptom - relief after taking this medicine for 2 weeks continuously , consult your doctor . do not take pantoloc control tablets for more than 4 weeks without consulting your doctor . take the tablet before a meal , at the same time every day . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or break the tablet . if you take more pantoloc control than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have taken more than the recommended dose . if possible take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take pantoloc control do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . take your next , normal dose , the next day , at your usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 50 mg once daily . ongentys should be taken preferably at bedtime . take ongentys at least one hour before or after taking your levodopa medicine . ongentys is for oral use . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . doses of other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease the dose of other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease may need to be adjusted when you start taking ongentys . follow the instructions that your doctor has given you . if you take more ongentys than you should if you take more ongentys than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist , or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine package and this leaflet with you . this will help the doctor identify what you have taken . if you forget to take ongentys if you forget to take one dose , you should continue the treatment and take the next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking ongentys do not stop taking ongentys unless your doctor tells you to as your symptoms may get worse . if you stop taking ongentys your doctor may need to adjust the dose of other medicines that you are taking to treat parkinson ' s disease . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of bortezomib according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose of bortezomib is 1 . 3 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may change the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your response to the treatment on the occurrence of certain side effects and on your underlying conditions ( e . g . liver problems ). progressive multiple myeloma when bortezomib is given alone , you will receive 4 doses of bortezomib intravenously on days 1 , 4 , 8 and 11 , followed by a 10 - day ' rest period ' without treatment . this 21 - day period ( 3 weeks ) corresponds to one treatment cycle . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). you may also be given bortezomib together with the medicines pegylated liposomal doxorubicin or dexamethasone . when bortezomib is given together with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin , you will receive bortezomib intravenously as a 21 - day treatment cycle and pegylated liposomal doxorubicin 30 mg / m2 is given on day 4 of the bortezomib 21 - day treatment cycle as an intravenous infusion after the bortezomib injection . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). when bortezomib is given together with dexamethasone , you will receive bortezomib intravenously as a 21 - day treatment cycle and dexamethasone 20 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 8 , 9 , 11 , and 12 , of the bortezomib , 21 - day treatment cycle . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). previously untreated multiple myeloma if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously together with two other medicines ; melphalan and prednisone . in this case , the duration of a treatment cycle is 42 days ( 6 weeks ). you will receive 9 cycles ( 54 weeks ). in cycles 1 to 4 , bortezomib is administered twice weekly on days 1 , 4 , 8 , 11 , 22 , 25 , 29 and 32 . in cycles 5 to 9 , bortezomib is administered once weekly on days 1 , 8 , 22 and 29 . melphalan ( 9 mg / m2 ) and prednisone ( 60 mg / m2 ) are both given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 of the first week of each cycle . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously together with the medicines dexamethasone , or dexamethasone and thalidomide , as induction treatment . when bortezomib is given together with dexamethasone , you will receive bortezomib intravenously as a 21 - day treatment cycle and dexamethasone 40 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 of the bortezomib 21 - day treatment cycle . you will receive 4 cycles ( 12 weeks ). when bortezomib is given together with thalidomide and dexamethasone , the duration of a treatment cycle is 28 days ( 4 weeks ). dexamethasone 40 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 of the bortezomib 28 - day treatment cycle and thalidomide is given orally daily at 50 mg up to day 14 of the first cycle , and if tolerated the thalidomide dose is increased to 100 mg on days 15 - 28 and may be further increased to 200 mg daily from the second cycle onwards . you might receive up to 6 cycles ( 24 weeks ). previously untreated mantle cell lymphoma if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma you will receive bortezomib intravenously together with the medicines rituximab , cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin and prednisone . bortezomib is given intravenously on days 1 , 4 , 8 and 11 , followed by a ' rest period ' without treatment . the duration of a treatment cycle is 21 days ( 3 weeks ). you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). the following medicinal products are given on day 1 of each bortezomib 21 - day treatment cycle as intravenous infusions : rituximab at 375 mg / m2 , cyclophosphamide at 750 mg / m2 and doxorubicin at 50 mg / m2 . prednisone is given orally at 100 mg / m2 on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 of the bortezomib treatment cycle . how bortezomib is given this medicine is for intravenous use only . bortezomib will be administered by a health care professional experienced in the use of cytotoxic medicines . bortezomib powder has to be dissolved before administration . this will be done by a healthcare professional . the resulting solution is then injected into a vein rapidly , over 3 to 5 seconds . if you are given too much bortezomib as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( each capsule contains 300 mg of netupitant and 0 . 5 mg of palonosetron ). take the capsule about 1 hour before you start your chemotherapy cycle . you can take akynzeo with or without food . akynzeo is taken before the chemotherapy to prevent sickness and feelings of sickness from developing . do not take akynzeo in the days after you have chemotherapy - unless you are about to have another chemotherapy cycle . if you take more akynzeo than you should the usual dose is 1 capsule . if you think you may have taken more than you should , tell your doctor straight away . the symptoms of overdose may include headache , dizziness , constipation , anxiety , palpitations , euphoric mood and pain in the legs . if you forget to take akynzeo if you think you have forgotten to take your dose , tell your doctor straight away . if you stop taking akynzeo akynzeo is taken to help prevent you feeling and being sick when you are having chemotherapy . if you do not want to take akynzeo , discuss this with your doctor . if you decide not to take akynzeo ( or another similar medicine ), your chemotherapy is likely to make you feel sick and be sick . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take thyroid cancer the recommended dose of lenvima is usually 24 mg once a day ( 2 capsules of 10 mg and 1 capsule of 4 mg ). if you have severe liver or kidney problems the recommended dose is 14 mg once a day ( 1 capsule of 10 mg and 1 capsule of 4 mg ). your doctor may reduce your dose if you have problems with side effects . liver cancer the recommended dose of lenvima depends on your body weight when you first start treatment . the dose is usually 12 mg once a day ( 3 capsules of 4 mg ) if you weigh 60 kg or more and 8 mg once a day ( 2 capsules of 4 mg ) if you weigh less than 60kg . your doctor may reduce your dose if you have problems with side effects . taking this medicine you can take the capsules with or without food . swallow the capsules whole with water or dissolved . to dissolve them , pour a tablespoon of water or apple juice into a small glass and put the capsules into the liquid without breaking or crushing them . leave for at least 10 minutes then stir for at least 3 minutes to dissolve the capsule shells . drink the mixture . after drinking , add the same amount of water or apple juice , swirl and swallow . take the capsules at about the same time each day . caregivers should not open the capsules to avoid exposure to the contents of the capsule . how long to take lenvima you will usually carry on taking this medicine as long as you are getting benefit . if you take more lenvima than you should if you take more lenvima than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take lenvima do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . what to do if you forget to take your dose depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take the missed dose as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the normal time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the normal time .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much incresync you need to take and if you need to change the amount of other medicines you take . the maximum recommended daily dose is one 25 mg / 45 mg tablet . incresync should be taken once daily . swallow your tablet ( s ) whole with water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you have kidney problems your doctor may prescribe you a reduced dose . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking incresync . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , tell your doctor . if you take more incresync than you should if you take more tablets than you should , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , contact or go to your nearest emergency centre straight away . take this leaflet or some tablets with you so that your doctor knows exactly what you have taken . if you forget to take incresync if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking incresync do not stop taking incresync without consulting your doctor first . your blood sugar levels may increase when you stop taking incresync . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . adults and children from 6 years of age : the primary vaccination is 2 doses taken orally ( by mouth ) at least 1 week ( up to 6 weeks ) apart . take the 1st dose no later than 2 weeks before you leave for your trip . take the 2nd dose at least 1 week after the 1st dose and at least 1 week before your trip . it takes about 1 week after the last dose for protection to begin . for continuous protection , re - vaccination is recommended within 2 years . if you had your last dose of vaccine less than 2 years ago a single dose will renew your protection . if more than 2 years have passed since you had the last vaccine dose , the primary vaccination ( 2 doses ) should be repeated . children of 2 to below 6 years of age : the primary vaccination is 3 doses taken orally ( by mouth ) at least 1 week ( up to 6 weeks ) apart . only half of the amount of the buffer solution should be mixed with the vaccine . give the 1st dose to the child no later than 3 weeks before you leave for your trip . give the 2nd dose to the child at least 1 week after the 1st dose . give the 3rd dose at least one week after the 2nd dose and at least one week before your trip . it takes about 1 week after the last dose for protection to begin . for continuous protection , re - vaccination is recommended within 6 months . if less than 6 months have passed since the last vaccination a single dose will renew the protection . if more than 6 months have passed since the last vaccination , the primary vaccination ( 3 doses ) should be repeated . the suspensionsupplied in a single - dose glass vial is a whitish suspension .. each vial comes with one sachet package that contains white effervescent granules of sodium hydrogen carbonate . the effervescent granules should be dissolved in a glass of cool water , and the resulting buffer solution should be mixed with the suspension . it is important to use the buffer solution , as it protects the vaccine from the gastric acid . drink the entire mixture within 2 hours after mixing with the buffer solution . instructions for use : if you take more dukoral than you should if you take the doses less than one week apart , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . because each vial of dukoral contains only one dose , overdosage is unlikely . if you have taken more than one dose at one time , please contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to take dukoral . you can take the 2nd dose of dukoral up to 6 weeks after the 1st dose ( children of 2 to below 6 years have to take 3 doses ). if more than 6 weeks have passed , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . don ' t exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you ' re not sure . when to use avamys use once a day use at the same time each day . this will treat your symptoms throughout the day and night . how long avamys takes to work some people will not feel the full effects until several days after first using avamys . however , it is usually effective within 8 to 24 hours of use . how much to use adults and children 12 years and over the usual starting dose is 2 sprays in each nostril once every day . once symptoms are controlled you may be able to decrease your dose to 1 spray in each nostril , once every day . children 6 to 11 years the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . if symptoms are very bad your doctor may increase the dose to 2 sprays in each nostril once every day until the symptoms are under control . it may then be possible for the dose to be reduced to 1 spray in each nostril once every day . how to use the nasal spray avamys has virtually no taste or smell . it is sprayed into the nose as a fine mist . be careful not to get any spray into your eyes . if you do , rinse your eyes with water . there is a step - by - step guide to using the nasal spray after section 6 of this leaflet . follow the guide carefully to get full benefit from using avamys see step - by - step guide to using the nasal spray , after section 6 . if you use more avamys than you should talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use avamys if you miss a dose , take it when you remember . if it is nearly the time for your next dose , wait until then . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , or if you have any discomfort using the nasal spray ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse .
general information about taking ribavirin biopartners : if the child you are caring for is under the age of 3 years , do not administer . always take ribavirin biopartners exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of ribavirin biopartners based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . standard blood tests will be taken to check your blood , kidney and liver function . - blood tests will be done regularly to help your doctor to know if this treatment is working . - depending upon the results of these tests , your doctor may change / adjust the number of tablets you or the child you are caring for take , prescribe a different pack size of ribavirin biopartners , and / or change the length of time to take this treatment . - if you have or develop severe kidney or liver problems , this treatment will be stopped . the usual dose , according to how much the patient weighs , is shown in the table below : 1 . look for the line that shows how much the adult or child / adolescent weighs . reminder : if the child is under the age of 3 years , do not administer . 2 . read across on the same line to see how many tablets to take . reminder : if your doctor ' s instructions are different from the amounts in the below table , follow your doctor ' s instructions . 3 . if you have any questions about the dose , ask your doctor . ribavirin biopartners film - coated tablets for oral use - dose based on body weight if the adult weighs ( kg ) usual daily ribavirin biopartners dose number of 200 mg tablets < 65 800 mg 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening 65 80 1 , 000 mg 2 tablets in the morning and 3 tablets in the evening 81 - 105 1 , 200 mg 3 tablets in the morning and 3 tablets in the evening > 105 1 , 400 mg 3 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening if the child / adolescent weighs ( kg ) usual daily ribavirin biopartners dose number of 200 mg tablets 47 49 600 mg 1 tablet in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening 50 65 800 mg 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening > 65 see adult dose and corresponding number of film - coated tablets take your prescribed dose by mouth with water and during your meal . do not chew the film - coated tablets . for children or adolescents who cannot swallow a film - coated tablet , an oral solution of ribavirin is available . reminder : ribavirin biopartners is only to be used in combination with interferon alfa - 2b for hepatitis c virus infection . for complete information be sure to read the " how to use " section of the package leaflet for interferon alfa - 2b . interferon medicine that is used in combination with ribavirin biopartners may cause unusual tiredness ; if you are injecting this medicine yourself or giving it to a child , use it at bedtime . if you take more ribavirin biopartners than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take ribavirin biopartners if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking ribavirin biopartners in combination with interferon alfa - 2b , take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not exceed the dose prescribed by your doctor . how much rydapt to take your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules to take . - patients with aml the usual daily dose is 50 mg ( 2 capsules ) twice daily . - patients with asm , sm - ahn or mcl the usual daily dose is 100 mg ( 4 capsules ) twice daily . depending on how you respond to rydapt , your doctor may lower your dose or temporarily interrupt the treatment . taking this medicine - taking rydapt at the same time each day will help you to remember to take your medicine . - take rydapt twice a day at about 12 - hour intervals ( for example , with breakfast and with your evening meal ). - take rydapt with food . - swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open , crush or chew them to ensure proper dosing and avoid the unpleasant taste of the capsule content . - for patients with aml , rydapt is taken with chemotherapy medicines . it is very important to follow your doctor ' s recommendations . - if you vomit after you swallow the capsules , do not take any more capsules until your next scheduled dose . how long to take rydapt - continue taking rydapt for as long as your doctor tells you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . - if you are being treated for aml , after you finish taking rydapt with chemotherapy medicines , you will receive rydapt alone for up to 12 months . - if you are being treated for asm , sm - ahn or mcl , you will receive rydapt as a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . if you have any questions about how long to take rydapt , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more rydapt than you should if you take more capsules than you should , or if someone else takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away , taking the pack with you , as medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take rydapt if you forget to take rydapt , skip the missed dose and take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . instead , wait until it is time for your next dose . if you stop taking rydapt stopping your treatment with rydapt may cause your condition to become worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 3 capsules taken together once a day ( total daily dose of 300 mg ), with or without food . take zejula at approximately the same time each day . taking zejula at bedtime may help you to manage nausea . swallow the capsules whole , with some water . do not chew or crush the capsules . your doctor may recommend a lower dose if you experience side effects ( such as nausea , tiredness , abnormal bleeding / bruising , anaemia ). your doctor will check you on a regular basis , and you will normally continue to take zejula as long as you experience benefit , and do not suffer unacceptable side effects . if you take more zejula than you should if you take more than your normal dose , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take zejula do not take an additional dose if you miss a dose or vomit after taking zejula . take your next dose at its scheduled time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take axura exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of axura for adults and older people is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a 10 mg tablet week 2 one 10 mg tablet week 3 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 4 and beyond two 10 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet once a day ( 1x 5 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 1 and a half tablet once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 2 tablets once a day ( 1x 20 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired kidney function if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration axura should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take axura as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor should assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you take more axura than you should - in general , taking too much axura should not result in any harm to you . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 . „ possible side effects ". - if you take a large overdose of axura , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take axura - if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of axura , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always give this medicine to your child exactly as the doctor has told you . check with the doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dose never change the dose yourself . the doctor works out the dose individually for your child , taking account of the child ' s body weight . kigabeq is available as 100 mg or 500 mg tablets which can be given together to make up the right dose for your child . always check the label and the size of the tablets to make sure you are giving the right dose . in infantile spasms ( west ' s syndrome ), the recommended starting dose is 50 milligrams per kilogram bodyweight daily . in resistant partial epilepsy ( focal onset seizures ), the recommended starting dose is 40 milligrams per kilogram daily . the doctor will adjust the dose during treatment as necessary . if your child has kidney problems , the doctor may prescribe a smaller dose . the following table gives the number of kigabeq tablets to give to your child according to the dose prescribed by your child ' s doctor . dose ( mg per day ) number of tablets ( strength ) morning number of tablets ( strength ) evening 150 half a tablet ( 100 mg ) one tablet ( 100 mg ) 200 one tablet ( 100 mg ) one tablet ( 100 mg ) 250 one tablet ( 100 mg ) one and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) 300 one and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) one and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) 350 one and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) two tablets ( 100 mg ) 400 two tablets ( 100 mg ) two tablets ( 100 mg ) 450 two tablets ( 100 mg ) two and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) 500 half a tablet ( 500 mg ) or two and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) half a tablet ( 500 mg ) or two and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) 550 two and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) three tablets ( 100 mg ) 600 three tablets ( 100 mg ) three tablets ( 100 mg ) 650 three tablets ( 100 mg ) three and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) 700 three and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) three and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) 750 half a tablet ( 500 mg ) one tablet ( 500 mg ) 800 four tablets ( 100 mg ) four tablets ( 100 mg ) 850 four tablets ( 100 mg ) four and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) 900 four and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) four and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) 950 four and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) one tablet ( 500 mg ) 1000 one tablet ( 500 mg ) one tablet ( 500 mg ) 1100 one tablet ( 500 mg ) one tablet ( 500 mg ) and one tablet ( 100 mg ) 1200 one tablet ( 500 mg ) and one tablet ( 100 mg ) one tablet ( 500 mg ) and one tablet ( 100 mg ) 1300 one tablet ( 500 mg ) and one tablet ( 100 mg ) one tablet ( 500 mg ) and two tablets ( 100 mg ) 1400 one tablet ( 500 mg ) and two tablets ( 100 mg ) one tablet ( 500 mg ) and two tablets ( 100 mg ) 1500 one and a half tablets ( 500 mg ) one and a half tablets ( 500 mg ) how to give this medicine ask your child ' s doctor to show you how to give this medicine . check with the doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . kigabeq is to be given by mouth and may be taken before or after meals . the tablet can be cut into equal halves . use only water to prepare solution . pour one or two teaspoonfuls ( about 5 to 10 ml ) of water into a drinking glass or beaker add the right dose of kigabeq tablets ( as whole or half tablets ) to the water wait until the tablet has broken down completely . this takes less than a minute but you can speed it up by stirring the mixture gently by hand the mixture will be whitish and cloudy . this is normal and the cloudiness is because the tablet contains some non - active ingredients that do not dissolve completely give the mixture straightway to your child direct from the drinking glass or beaker if your child cannot drink from the glass or beaker then you can use an oral syringe to gently squirt the mixture into your child ' s mouth , taking care not to cause choking : sit just in front and below your child in order that he / she has the head leaning forward and administer the mixture against his cheek rinse the glass or beaker with one or two teaspoonfuls ( about 5 to 10 ml ) of water and give this to your child to make sure that the child receives all the medicine 32 if the child cannot swallow , the mixture can be given through a gastric tube , using a suitable syringe . the tube should be rinsed with 10 ml of water if your child takes too much kigabeq if your child accidentally takes too many kigabeq tablets , tell the doctor immediately or go to your nearest hospital or poison information centre . possible signs of overdose include drowsiness or reduced level of consciousness . if you forget to give your child kigabeq if you forget to give your child a dose , give the dose as soon as you remember . if it is almost time for the next dose , just give one dose . do not give a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop giving kigabeq to your child do not stop giving this medicine without talking to your child ' s doctor . if the doctor decides to stop the treatment you will be advised to gradually reduce the dose . do not stop suddenly as this may cause your child ' s seizures to occur again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask the doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine bemfola is intended to be given by injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). use the pre - filled pen only once then it should be disposed of in a safe manner . do not administered the solution if it contains particles or is not clear . the first injection of bemfola should be given under supervision of your doctor . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the bemfola pre - filled pen to inject the medicine . if you administer bemfola to yourself , please carefully read and follow the " instructions for use ". these instructions can be found at the end of the package leaflet . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you will use and how often . the doses described below are stated in international units ( iu ) and millilitres ( ml ). women if you are not ovulating and have irregular or no periods 85 bemfola is usually given every day . if you have irregular periods , start using bemfola within the first 7 days of your menstrual cycle . if you do not have periods you can start using the medicine on any convenient day . the usual starting dose of bemfola is 75 to 150 iu ( 0 . 12 to 0 . 25 ml ) each day . your dose of bemfola may be increased every 7 or every 14 days by 37 . 5 to 75 iu , until you get the desired response or your doctor tells you to stop , see below . the maximum daily dose of bemfola is usually not higher than 225 iu ( 0 . 375 ml ). when you get the desired response , you will be given a single injection of 250 micrograms of " recombinant hcg " ( r - hcg , an hcg made in a laboratory by a special dna technique ), or 5 , 000 to 10 , 000 iu of hcg , 24 to 48 hours after your last bemfola injection . the best time to have sex is on the day of the hcg injection and the day after . if your doctor cannot see a desired response after 4 weeks , that treatment cycle with bemfola should be stopped . for the following treatment cycle , your doctor will give you a higher starting dose of bemfola than before . if your body responds too strongly , your treatment will be stopped and you will not be given any hcg ( see section 2 , ohss ). for the following cycle , your doctor will give you a lower dose of bemfola than before . if you are not ovulating , have no periods and have been diagnosed with very low levels of fsh and lh hormones the usual starting dose of bemfola is 75 to 150 iu ( 0 . 12 to 0 . 25 ml ) together with 75 iu ( 0 . 12 ml ) of lutropin alfa . you will use these two medicines each day for up to five weeks . your dose of bemfola may be increased every 7 or every 14 days by 37 . 5 to 75 iu , until you get the desired response . when you get the desired response , you will be given a single injection of 250 micrograms of " recombinant hcg " ( r - hcg , an hcg made in a laboratory by a special dna technique ), or 5 , 000 to 10 , 000 iu of hcg , 24 to 48 hours after your last injections of bemfola and lutropin alfa . the best time to have sex is on the day of the hcg injection and the day after . alternatively , intrauterine insemination may be performed by placing the sperm into the womb cavity . if your doctor cannot see a response after 5 weeks , that treatment cycle with bemfola should be stopped . for the following cycle , your doctor will give you a higher starting dose of bemfola than before . if your body responds too strongly , your treatment with bemfola will be stopped and you will not be given any hcg ( see section 2 , ohss ). for the following cycle , your doctor will give you a lower dose of bemfola than before . if you need to develop several eggs for collection prior to any assisted reproductive technology the usual starting dose of bemfola is 150 to 225 iu ( 0 . 25 to 0 . 37 ml ) each day , from day 2 or 3 of your treatment cycle . bemfola dose may be increased , depending on your response . the maximum daily dose is 450 iu ( 0 . 75 ml ). treatment is continued until your eggs have developed to a desired point . this usually takes about 10 days but can take any time between 5 and 20 days . your doctor will use blood tests and / or an ultrasound machine to check when this is . when your eggs are ready , you will be given a single injection of 250 micrograms " recombinant hcg " ( r - hcg , an hcg made in a laboratory by a special recombinant dna technique ), or 86 5 , 000 iu to 10 , 000 iu of hcg , 24 to 48 hours after the last bemfola injection . this gets your eggs ready for collection . in other cases , your doctor may first stop you from ovulating by using a gonadotropin - releasing hormone ( gnrh ) agonist or antagonist . then bemfola is started approximately two weeks after start of agonist treatment . the bemfola and gnrh agonist are then both given until your follicles develop as desired . for example , after two weeks of gnrh agonist treatment , 150 to 225 iu bemfola is administered for 7 days . the dose is then adjusted according to your ovarian response . when gnrh antagonist is used , it is administered from the 5th or 6th day of bemfola treatment and continued until ovulation induction . men the usual dose of bemfola is 150 iu ( 0 . 25 ml ) together with hcg . you will use these two medicines three times a week for at least 4 months . if you have not responded to treatment after 4 months , your doctor may suggest that you continue using these two medicines for at least 18 months . if you use more bemfola than you should the effects of taking too much bemfola are unknown . nevertheless one could expect ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ) to occur , which is described in section 4 . however the ohss will only occur if hcg is also administered ( see section 2 , under ' ohss '). if you forget to use bemfola if you forget to use bemfola , do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please talk to your doctor as soon as you notice that you forgot a dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the dose is specific for you and is decided by your doctor . when you wake up in the morning swallow plenadren tablets whole with a glass of water at least 30 minutes before your breakfast , preferable between 6 . 00 am and 8 . 00 am in the morning . you should preferably be in an upright position . do not divide , crush or chew the tablets . these tablets deliver hydrocortisone to your body throughout the day . if divided , crushed or chewed this may prevent the hydrocortisone dose in the tablet to cover the whole day , as it should . the need for additional doses of plenadren during short - term or temporary illnesses such as infection , fever , or physical stress such as surgery you will need more hydrocortisone since the body cannot produce the additional amount of cortisol required in these situations . the dose must therefore be increased temporarily and your doctor may advise you to use other hydrocortisone tablets instead of , or in addition to plenadren . please discuss this with your doctor and follow the instructions on how to act in these situations . the daily dose of plenadren may have to be doubled or tripled in milder conditions such as a mild infection or stress . you should then take the second dose of this medicine 6 to 10 hours after the morning dose . if it is not enough to double the daily dose , you should take a third dose 6 to 10 hours after the second dose ( 6 - 10 hour intervals between doses ). when your illness is over , return to your normal maintenance dose of this medicine . the following signs and symptoms may suggest that you need to take additional doses of plenadren or other forms of hydrocortisone : fatigue , weight loss , stomach discomfort , feeling light headed when you change from sitting to standing or dizziness when standing , darkening of your skin particularly skin creases and exposed areas . contact your doctor promptly for advice if you notice any of these . however , seek immediate medical help if you notice any of the following : severe weakness , fainting , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , back pain , confusion , reduced consciousness , delirium ( very confused state ). if you take more plenadren than you should a too high dose of this medicine for more than a few days may be harmful to your health . your blood pressure may increase , you may gain extra weight and your blood sugar may become too high . an increased dose is necessary occasionally in order for the body to cope with increased stress such as fever . if extra doses are needed frequently and regularly , you should contact your doctor for re - evaluation of your maintenance dose . if you forget to take plenadren if you have forgotten to take your tablet in the morning , take it as soon as possible thereafter . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you experience any signs or symptoms listed in the section " the need for additional doses of plenadren ", contact your doctor immediately . if you stop taking plenadren stopping plenadren may be life threatening . it is therefore important to continue taking this medicine as prescribed by your doctor . do not stop taking it without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ruconest will be initiated by a doctor who is specialised in the diagnosis and treatment of hereditary angioedema . ruconest will be given to you directly into a vein over a period of approximately 5 minutes by your doctor or by a nurse . your dose , up to 2 vials , will be worked out based on your weight . most of the time a single dose is sufficient . your doctor may decide that an additional dose should be administered if your symptoms do not improve after 120 minutes ( for adults and adolescents ) or 60 minutes ( for children ). no more than 2 doses should be given within 24 hours . the instructions for use are clearly described in the doctor ' s information leaflet and are attached . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose of jardiance is one 10 mg tablet once a day . your doctor will decide whether to increase your dose to 25 mg once a day . your doctor may limit your dose to 10 mg once a day if you have a kidney problem . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water you can take the tablet with or without food you can take the tablet at any time of the day . however , try to take it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe jardiance together with another diabetes medicine . remember to take all medicines as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . appropriate diet and exercise help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise program recommended by your doctor while taking jardiance . if you take more jardiance than you should if you take more jardiance than you should , talk to a doctor immediately or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take jardiance what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose , take jardiance as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose of jardiance to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking jardiance do not stop taking jardiance without first consulting your doctor . your blood sugar levels may increase when you stop taking jardiance . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take and when the amount of galvus people have to take varies depending on their condition . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of galvus to take . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg . the usual dose of galvus is either : 50 mg daily taken as one dose in the morning if you are taking galvus with another medicine called a sulphonylurea . 100 mg daily taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening if you are taking galvus alone , with another medicine called metformin or a glitazone , with a combination of metformin and a sulphonylurea , or with insulin . 50 mg daily in the morning if you have moderate or severe kidney disease or if you are on dialysis . how to take galvus swallow the tablets whole with some water . how long to take galvus take galvus every day for as long as your doctor tells you . you may have to take this treatment over a long period of time . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more galvus than you should if you take too many galvus tablets , or if someone else has taken your medicine , talk to your doctor straight away . medical attention may be needed . if you need to see a doctor or go to the hospital , take the pack with you . if you forget to take galvus if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking galvus do not stop taking galvus unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your child ' s doctor , nurse or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended doses for amsparity in each of the approved uses are shown in the following table . your child ' s doctor may prescribe another strength of amsparity if your child needs a different dose . amsparity is injected under the skin ( subcutaneous use ). polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable 162 paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing 40 kg or more first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 80 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . your child ' s doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 20 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week your child ' s doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 40 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your child ' s doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 80 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 40 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . method and route of administration amsparity is administered by injection under the skin ( by subcutaneous injection ). detailed instructions on how to inject amsparity , the instructions for use , are provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more amsparity than you should if you accidentally inject your child with amsparity more frequently than you should , call your child ' s doctor or pharmacist and explain that your child has taken more than required . always take the outer carton of the medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to use amsparity if you forget to give your child an amsparity injection , you should inject the next dose of amsparity as soon as you remember . then give your child ' s next dose as you would have on the originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if your child stops using amsparity the decision to stop using amsparity should be discussed with your child ' s doctor . your child ' s symptoms may return upon stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your child ' s doctor or pharmacist .
dose the recommended dose in adult patients is 320 mg / m² body surface ( this is calculated by the doctor based on your weight and your height ). the treatment will be repeated every 3 weeks . your doctor will adjust the starting dose of javlor based on your age and physical conditions and in specific situations : - if you had a previous irradiation of the pelvis - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems - if you have liver problems . during treatment , your doctor may reduce the dose of javlor , delay or interrupt the treatment if you experience certain side effects . how javlor is given javlor will be given to you by a qualified healthcare professional as an intravenous infusion ( drip into your vein ) lasting 20 minutes . javlor must not be given intrathecally ( into the spine ). javlor is a concentrate that has to be diluted before administration .
fluenz tetra will be administered under the supervision of a doctor , nurse or pharmacist . fluenz tetra must only be used as a nasal spray . fluenz tetra must not be injected . fluenz tetra will be given as a spray in each nostril . you can breathe normally while you are given fluenz tetra . you do not need to actively inhale or sniff . dosage the recommended dose for children and adolescents is 0 . 2 ml fluenz tetra , administered as 0 . 1 ml in each nostril . children who have not previously had an influenza vaccine will receive a second , follow - up dose after an interval of at least 4 weeks . follow your doctor , nurse or pharmacist ' s instructions about if and when your child should return for the second dose . if you have any further questions on this vaccine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
menveo will be given to you or your child by a doctor or nurse . the vaccine is usually given into the upper arm muscle ( deltoid ) for children ( from 2 years of age ), adolescents and adults . your doctor or nurse will take care to ensure the vaccine is not given into a blood vessel and will make sure that it is injected into muscle and not into the skin . for children ( from 2 years of age ), adolescents and adults : a single ( 0 . 5 ml ) injection will be given . the safety and efficacy of menveo in children under 2 years of age has not yet been established . there are limited data in individuals aged 56 - 65 and there are no data in subjects aged older than 65 years . please tell your doctor if you have received a previous injection with menveo or another meningococcal vaccine . your doctor will tell you if you need an additional injection of menveo . for information on the reconstitution of the vaccine see the section for medical or healthcare professionals at the end of this leaflet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
how much to use adults ( 18 years of age and older ) the recommended dose is 200 mg ( complete contents of one pen ) once a week , injected under your skin on the same day each week . if you wish to change your dosing day : take a dose on the new day ( even if it is less than a week since your last dose ). continue with the new weekly schedule from that day . injecting benlysta your doctor or nurse will show you or your caregiver how to inject benlysta . your first injection with the benlysta pre - filled pen will be supervised by your doctor or nurse . after you have been trained on how to use the pen , your doctor or nurse may decide that you can give yourself the injection , or your caregiver can give it to you . your doctor or nurse will also tell you what signs and symptoms to look out for when using benlysta , because serious allergic reactions can occur ( see ' allergic reactions ' in section 4 ). you inject benlysta under your skin in your stomach area ( abdomen ) or upper leg ( thigh ). benlysta subcutaneous injection must not be injected into a vein ( intravenously ). instructions for using the pre - filled pen are given at the end of this leaflet . if you use more benlysta than you should if this happens , immediately contact your doctor or nurse , who will monitor you for any signs or symptoms of side effects , and treat these symptoms if necessary . if possible show them the pack , or this leaflet . if you forget to use benlysta inject the missed dose as soon as you remember . then continue with your normal weekly schedule as usual or start a new weekly schedule starting from the day you inject the missed dose . if you do not notice that you have missed a dose until it is already time for your next dose , then just inject this next dose as planned . it is not necessary to inject two doses on the same day . stopping treatment with benlysta your doctor will decide if you need to stop using benlysta .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of karvezide is one or two tablets a day . karvezide will usually be prescribed by your doctor when your previous treatment did not reduce your blood pressure enough . your doctor will instruct you how to switch from the previous treatment to karvezide . method of administration karvezide is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take karvezide with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take karvezide until your doctor tells you otherwise . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 6 - 8 weeks after beginning treatment . if you take more karvezide than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . children should not take karvezide karvezide should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take karvezide if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you ' re not sure . stay in regular contact with your doctor zeffix helps to control your hepatitis b infection . you need to keep taking it every day to control your infection and stop your illness getting worse . keep in touch with your doctor , and don ' t stop taking zeffix without your doctor ' s advice . how much to take the usual dose of zeffix is one tablet ( 100 mg lamivudine ) once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if you have problems with your kidneys . an oral solution of zeffix is available for people who need a lower than usual dose , or who can ' t take tablets . talk to your doctor if this applies to you . if you are already taking another medicine that contains lamivudine for hiv infection , your doctor will continue to treat you with the higher dose , ( usually 150 mg twice a day ), because the dose of lamivudine in zeffix ( 100 mg ) is not enough to treat hiv infection . if you are planning to change your hiv treatment , discuss this change with your doctor first . swallow the tablet whole , with some water . zeffix can be taken with or without food . if you take more zeffix than you should accidentally taking too much zeffix is unlikely to cause any serious problems . if you accidentally take too much , tell your doctor or your pharmacist , or contact your nearest hospital emergency department for further advice . if you forget to take zeffix if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . then continue your treatment as before . don ' t take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . don ' t stop taking zeffix you must not stop taking zeffix without consulting your doctor . there is a risk of your hepatitis getting worse ( see section 2 ). when you stop taking zeffix your doctor will monitor you for at least four months to check for any problems . this will mean taking blood samples to check for any raised liver enzyme levels , which may indicate liver damage .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the dose is one tablet a day . it does not matter what time of day you take your tablet but taking the tablet at the same time each day will help you remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . if you wish you may take a glass of water with it . do not break or crush the tablet before taking it . a broken or crushed tablet may taste bad and there is a possibility that you will receive an incorrect dose . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take evista . the doctor may also advise you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements . if you take more evista than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more evista than you should you could have leg cramps and dizziness . if you forget to take evista take a tablet as soon as you remember and then continue as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet dose . if you stop taking evista you should talk to your doctor first . it is important that you continue taking evista for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . evista can treat or prevent your osteoporosis only if you continue to take the tablets . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ameluz is only used on the skin . a therapy session can be administered for single or multiple lesions , or entire treatment fields . the illumination source for pdt treatment of actinic keratoses lesions or fields can be daylight or a red - light lamp . your doctor will decide which treatment option to use , depending on your lesions . the illumination source for pdt of actinic keratosis in the body regions trunk , neck and extremities is a narrow - spectrum red - light . there are no data of efficacy of broader spectrum lamps or daylight pdt in these body regions . the illumination source for pdt of basal cell carcinoma is always a red - light lamp . treatment of lesions or fields of actinic keratoses and basal cell carcinoma using a red - light lamp preparation of the lesions 24 the application area is first wiped with an alcohol - soaked cotton pad to degrease the skin . scales and crusts are then carefully removed , and all lesion surfaces are gently roughened . care is taken to avoid bleeding . application of the gel ameluz is applied to form a film of about 1 mm thickness to the entire lesions or fields and approximately 5 mm of the surrounding area using glove - protected fingertips or a spatula . avoid any contact with the eyes , nostrils , mouth , ears , mucous membrane or bleeding lesions . a distance of at least 1 cm is to be maintained . rinse with water if such contact occurs . the gel is allowed to dry for approximately 10 minutes before placing a light - tight dressing over the treatment site . the dressing is removed after 3 hours . the remaining gel is wiped off . illumination using a red - light lamp the use of ameluz requires specific knowledge in photodynamic therapy as it may necessitate the use of a red - light lamp . immediately after cleaning , the entire treated area is illuminated using a red light source . efficacy and side effects such as temporary pain are dependent on the light source used . both patients and healthcare professionals should adhere to any safety instructions provided with the light source used during therapy . all should wear suitable protective goggles during illumination . there is no need to protect healthy untreated skin . treatment of lesions and fields of actinic keratoses with daylight considerations before treatment only use daylight treatment if the weather is suitable to stay comfortably outdoors for two hours ( with temperatures > 10 ). if the weather is rainy , or is likely to become so , you should not use daylight treatment . preparation of the lesions apply sunscreen to sun exposed skin for sun protection 15 min before lesion treatment . only use sunscreen with chemical filters and sun protection factor 30 or higher . do not use sunscreen with physical filters such as titanium dioxide , zinc oxide , as these inhibit light absorption and may therefore impact efficacy . then wipe the application area with an alcohol - soaked cotton pad to degrease the skin . carefully removed scales and crusts and gently roughen all lesion surfaces . take care to avoid bleeding . application of the gel apply ameluz to form a thin layer to the entire lesions or fields and approximately 5 mm of the surrounding area using glove - protected fingertips or a spatula . avoid any contact with the eyes , nostrils , mouth , ears , mucous membrane or bleeding lesions , maintaining a distance of at least 1 cm . rinse with water if such contact occurs . a light - tight dressing is not necessary . do not wipe off the gel during the entire daylight treatment session . illumination using daylight for actinic keratosis treatment if weather conditions are suitable ( please see above ; considerations before treatment ), you should go outside within 30 minutes after application of the gel and stay for 2 continuous hours in full daylight . taking shelter in the shade in hot weather is acceptable . if the time outdoors is interrupted , you should compensate this with a longer illumination time . after the two hour light exposure , wash off the remaining gel . number of treatments lesions and fields of actinic keratoses are treated with one session . basal cell carcinoma is treated with two sessions , with an interval of one week between sessions . the treated lesions should be evaluated 3 months after treatment . your doctor will decide how well each skin lesion has responded , and treatment may have to be repeated at this time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor has prescribed introna specifically for you and your current condition ; do not share this medicine with anyone else . your doctor has determined the exact dosage for administration of introna according to your individual needs . the dosage will vary according to the disease being treated . if you are injecting introna yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed for you is clearly provided with the package of medicine you receive . dosages that are to be administered 3 times a week are best given every other day . the usual starting dose for each condition follows ; however , individual doses may vary , and the doctor may change your dose based on your specific needs : chronic hepatitis b : 5 to 10 million iu 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ). chronic hepatitis c : adults - 3 million iu 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ) in combination with ribavirin or alone . children 3 years of age and older and adolescents - 3 million iu / m2 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ) in combination with ribavirin ( please also see ribavirin package leaflet ). hairy cell leukaemia : 2 million iu / m2 , 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ). chronic myelogenous leukaemia : 4 - 5 million iu / m2 daily injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ). multiple myeloma : 3 million iu / m2 , 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ). follicular lymphoma : adjunctively with chemotherapy , 5 million iu 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ). carcinoid tumour : 5 million iu , 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ). malignant melanoma , induction therapy : 20 million iu / m2 , intravenously , given daily for 5 days a week for a 4 week period . maintenance treatment : 10 million iu / m2 , 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ). your doctor may prescribe a different dose of introna alone or in combination with other medicines ( e . g ., cytarabine , ribavirin ). if you are prescribed introna in combination with another medicine , please refer also to the package leaflet of the medicine to be used in combination . your doctor will determine the exact dosage schedule and regimen according to your needs . if you have the impression that the effect of introna is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . subcutaneous use : introna is usually intended for subcutaneous use . this means that introna is injected with a short needle into the fatty tissue just under the skin . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for subcutaneous administration are provided with this leaflet ( see section " how to self inject introna " at the end of the leaflet ). intravenous infusion : the infusion must be prepared immediately prior to use . any size vial may be used to measure the required dose ; however , final concentration of interferon in sodium chloride solution must be not less than 0 . 3 million iu / ml . the appropriate dose of introna is withdrawn from the vial ( s ), added to 50 ml of 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection in a pvc bag or glass bottle for intravenous use and administered over 20 minutes . no other medicinal product can be infused concomitantly with introna . one dose of introna is given on each scheduled day . introna is given either daily ( 5 or 7 times a week ), or three times a week , every other day , for example on monday , wednesday , and friday . interferons may cause unusual tiredness ; if you are injecting this medicine yourself , or giving it to a child , use it at bedtime . use introna exactly as prescribed by your doctor . do not exceed the recommended dosage , and take introna for as long as prescribed . if you use more introna than you should contact your doctor or healthcare professional as soon as possible . if you forget to use introna if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking introna in combination with ribavirin , inject the recommended dose as soon as you remember and continue treatment as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are scheduled to inject this medicine every day , and you accidentally missed a full day ' s dose , continue treatment at the usual dose the following day . contact your doctor or pharmacist if needed .
always take vantavo exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take one vantavo tablet once a week . follow these instructions carefully . 1 ) choose the day of the week that best fits your schedule . every week , take one vantavo tablet on your chosen day . it is very important to follow instructions 2 ), 3 ), 4 ) and 5 ) to help the vantavo tablet reach your stomach quickly and help reduce the chance of irritating your gullet ( oesophagus - the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ). 2 ) after getting up for the day and before taking any food , drink , or other medicine , swallow your vantavo tablet whole with a full glass of water only ( not mineral water ) ( not less than 200 ml ) , so that vantavo is adequately absorbed . do not take with mineral water ( still or sparkling ). do not take with coffee or tea . do not take with juice or milk . do not crush or chew the tablet or allow it to dissolve in your mouth because of the possibility of mouth ulceration . 3 ) do not lie down — stay fully upright ( sitting , standing or walking ) — for at least 30 minutes after swallowing the tablet . do not lie down until after your first food of the day . 4 ) do not take vantavo at bedtime or before getting up for the day . 5 ) if you develop difficulty or pain upon swallowing , chest pain , or new or worsening heartburn , stop taking vantavo and contact your doctor . 6 ) after swallowing your vantavo tablet , wait at least 30 minutes before taking your first food , drink , or other medicine of the day , including antacids , calcium supplements and vitamins . vantavo is effective only if taken when your stomach is empty . if you take more vantavo than you should if you take too many tablets by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor immediately . do not make yourself vomit , and do not lie down . if you forget to take vantavo if you miss a dose , just take one tablet on the morning after you remember . do not take two tablets on the same day . return to taking one tablet once a week , as originally scheduled on your chosen day . if you stop taking vantavo it is important that you take vantavo for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . since it is not known how long you should take vantavo , you should discuss the need to stay on this medicine with your doctor periodically to determine if vantavo is still right for you . an instruction card is included in the carton for vantavo . it contains important information reminding you how to take vantavo properly . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor has carried out blood tests and decided you need binocrit . binocrit may be given by injection : either into a vein or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how binocrit will be injected . usually the injections will be given to you by a doctor , nurse or other health care professional . some people , depending on why they need binocrit treatment , may later learn how to inject themselves under the skin : see instructions on how to inject binocrit yourself at the end of the leaflet . binocrit should not be used : after the expiry date on the label and outer carton if you know , or think that it may have been accidentally frozen , or if there has been a refrigerator failure . the dose of binocrit you receive is based on your body weight in kilograms . the cause of your anaemia is also a factor in your doctor deciding the correct dose . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are using binocrit . people with kidney disease your doctor will maintain your haemoglobin level between 10 and 12 g / dl as a high haemoglobin level may increase the risk of blood clots and death . in children the haemoglobin level should be maintained between 9 . 5 and 11 g / dl . the usual starting dose of binocrit for adults and children is 50 international units ( iu ) per kilogram (/ kg ) of body weight given three times a week . for patients on peritoneal dialysis binocrit may be given twice a week . for adults and children binocrit is given as an injection either into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein . when this access ( via a vein or tube ) is not readily available , your doctor may decide that binocrit should be injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this includes patients on dialysis and patients not yet on dialysis . your doctor will order regular blood tests to see how your anaemia is responding and may adjust the dose , usually no more frequently than every four weeks . a rise in haemoglobin of greater than 2 g / dl over a four week period should be avoided . once your anaemia has been corrected , your doctor will continue to check your blood regularly . your binocrit dose and frequency of administration may be further adjusted to maintain your response to treatment . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your anaemia . if you do not respond adequately to binocrit , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of binocrit . if you are on a more extended dosing interval ( greater than once weekly ) of binocrit , you may not maintain adequate haemoglobin levels and you may require an increase in binocrit dose or frequency of administration . you may be given iron supplements before and during binocrit treatment to make it more effective . if you are having dialysis treatment when you begin treatment with binocrit , your dialysis regime may need to be adjusted . your doctor will decide this . adults on chemotherapy your doctor may initiate treatment with binocrit if your haemoglobin is 10 g / dl or less . your doctor will maintain your haemoglobin level between 10 and 12 g / dl as a high haemoglobin level may increase the risk of blood clots and death . the starting dose is either 150 iu per kilogram body weight three times a week or 450 iu per kilogram body weight once a week . binocrit is given by injection under the skin . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how your anaemia responds to binocrit treatment . you may be given iron supplements before and during binocrit treatment to make it more effective . you will usually continue binocrit treatment for one month after the end of chemotherapy . adults donating their own blood the usual dose is 600 iu per kilogram body weight twice a week . binocrit is given by injection into a vein immediately after you have donated blood for 3 weeks before your surgery . you may be given iron supplements before and during binocrit treatment to make it more effective . adults scheduled for major orthopaedic surgery the recommended dose is 600 iu per kilogram body weight once a week . binocrit is given by injection under the skin each week for three weeks before surgery and on the day of surgery . if there is a medical need to reduce the time before your operation , you will be given a daily dose of 300 iu / kg for up to ten days before surgery , on the day of surgery and for four days immediately afterwards . if blood tests show your haemoglobin is too high before the operation , the treatment will be stopped . you may be given iron supplements before and during binocrit treatment to make it more effective . adults with myelodysplastic syndrome your doctor may initiate treatment with binocrit if your haemoglobin is 10 g / dl or less . the aim of treatment is to maintain your haemoglobin level between 10 and 12 g / dl as a higher haemoglobin level may increase the risk of blood clots and death . binocrit is given by injection under the skin . the starting dose is 450 iu per kilogram bodyweight once a week . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how your anaemia responds to binocrit treatment . instructions on how to inject binocrit yourself when treatment starts , binocrit is usually injected by a medical professional or a nurse . later , your doctor may suggest that you or your caregiver learn how to inject binocrit under the skin ( subcutaneously ) yourself . do not attempt to inject yourself unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . always use binocrit exactly as instructed by your doctor or nurse . ensure that you only inject the amount of liquid as instructed by your doctor or nurse . only use binocrit if it has been stored correctly see section 5 , how to store binocrit . before use , leave the binocrit syringe to stand until it reaches room temperature . this usually takes between 15 and 30 minutes . use the syringe within 3 days of taking it out of the refrigerator . only take one dose of binocrit from each syringe . if binocrit is injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ), the amount injected is not normally more than one millilitre ( 1 ml ) in a single injection . binocrit is given alone and not mixed with other liquids for injection . do not shake binocrit syringes . prolonged vigorous shaking may damage the product . if the product has been shaken vigorously , don ' t use it . instructions on how to inject yourself with binocrit can be found at the end of this leaflet . if you use more binocrit than you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you think too much binocrit has been injected . side effects from an overdose of binocrit are unlikely . if you forget to use binocrit make the next injection as soon as you remember . if you are within a day of your next injection , forget the missed one and carry on with your normal schedule . do not double up the injections to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
gardasil 9 is given as an injection by your doctor . gardasil 9 is intended for adolescents and adults from 9 years of age onwards . if you are from 9 to and including 14 years of age at time of first injection gardasil 9 can be administered according to a 2 - dose schedule : - first injection : at chosen date - second injection : given between 5 and 13 months after first injection if the second vaccine dose is administered earlier than 5 months after the first dose , a third dose should always be administered . gardasil 9 can be administered according to a 3 - dose schedule : - first injection : at chosen date - second injection : 2 months after first injection ( not earlier than one month after the first dose ) - third injection : 6 months after first injection ( not earlier than 3 months after the second dose ) all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . if you are from 15 years of age at time of first injection gardasil 9 should be administered according to a 3 - dose schedule : - first injection : at chosen date - second injection : 2 months after first injection ( not earlier than one month after the first dose ) - third injection : 6 months after first injection ( not earlier than 3 months after the second dose ) all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . it is recommended that individuals who receive a first dose of gardasil 9 complete the vaccination course with gardasil 9 . gardasil 9 will be given as an injection through the skin into the muscle ( preferably the muscle of the upper arm or thigh ). if you forget one dose of gardasil 9 if a scheduled injection is missed , your doctor will decide when to give the missed dose . it is important that you follow your doctor or nurse ' s instructions regarding return visits for the follow - up doses . if you forget or are not able to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice . when gardasil 9 is given as your first dose , the completion of the vaccination course should be done with gardasil 9 , and not another hpv vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you are changing from another eye drop medicine used to treat glaucoma to azarga , you should stop using the other medicine and start using azarga the following day . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure to prevent contamination of the dropper tip and the suspension , care must be taken not to touch the eyelids , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper tip . keep the bottle tightly closed when not in use . the following measure is useful to limit the amount of medicine that will come into the blood after application of eye drops : - keep the eyelid closed , while simultaneously applying gentle pressure to the corner of the eye next to the nose with a finger for at least 2 minutes . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , twice a day . only use azarga in both eyes if your doctor told you to . take it for as long as your doctor told you to . how to use 1 2 3 get the azarga bottle and a mirror . wash your hands . shake well before use . twist off the bottle cap . after the cap is removed , if the tamper evident snap collar is loose , remove before using product . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . use the mirror if it helps . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of azarga at a time . do not squeeze the bottle : it is designed so that a gentle press on the bottom is all that it needs ( picture 2 ). after using azarga , press a finger into the corner of your eye , by the nose for 2 minutes ( picture 3 ). this helps to stop azarga getting into the rest of the body . if you use drops in both eyes , repeat the steps for your other eye . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after use . use up one bottle before opening the next bottle . if a drop misses your eye , try again . if you are using other eye drop or eye ointment medicines leave at least 5 minutes between each medicine . eye ointments should be administered last . if you use more azarga than you should , rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . you may experience a decreased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , heart failure , difficulty breathing and your nervous system may be affected if you forget to use azarga , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . do not use more than one drop in the affected eye ( s ) twice daily . if you stop using azarga without speaking to your doctor , the pressure in your eye will not be controlled which could lead to loss of sight . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take pritor with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take pritor every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pritor is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose of pritor for most patients is one 40 mg tablet once a day to control blood pressure over the 24 - hour period . your doctor has recommended a lower dose of one 20 mg tablet daily . pritor may also be used in combination with diuretics (' water tablets ') such as hydrochlorothiazide which has been shown to have an additive blood pressure lowering effect with pritor . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose of pritor is one 80 mg tablet once a day . at the beginning of the preventive therapy with pritor 80 mg , blood pressure should be frequently monitored . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg once daily . if you take more pritor than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take pritor if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines will supervise your portrazza therapy . premedication you may be given medicines to reduce the risk of an infusion - related reaction or a skin reaction before you receive portrazza . dose and administration the recommended dose of portrazza is 800 mg on days 1 and 8 of each 3 - week cycle . portrazza is given in combination with the medicines gemcitabine and cisplatin for up to 6 cycles and then it is given on its own . the number of infusions that you receive will depend on how and for how long you respond to treatment with portrazza . your doctor will discuss this with you . this medicine is given as an intravenous ( into a vein ) infusion via a drip . the drip lasts about 60 minutes . detailed instructions for your doctor or your nurse on how to prepare portrazza infusion are included at the end of this package leaflet ( see ' handling instructions '). dose adjustments during each infusion , your doctor or nurse will check for side effects . if you have an infusion - related reaction during treatment , your drip will be slowed down and future doses will also be given more slowly . the infusion duration should not exceed 2 hours . see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions ".
your doctor will decide how much rienso to give you based on your weight and blood test results . the treatment you will receive can be 1 or 2 vials of rienso ( 510 mg each ) by infusion and each dose will be infused into a vein . for patients receiving two vials , the second one will be infused two to eight days after the first infusion . your doctor will decide if additional doses of rienso are needed and for how long . he or she will also monitor your blood test results to avoid iron accumulation . your doctor or nurse will administer rienso by infusion into a vein . you will be lying down and your blood pressure and pulse will be monitored . rienso will be administered in an environment where any allergic event can receive appropriate and prompt treatment . you will be carefully observed during the infusion and for at least 30 minutes after each infusion by your doctor or nurse . please immediately tell the doctor or nurse if you start to feel unwell . they may decide to stop the infusion . if you are on haemodialysis , you may receive rienso via infusion over 15 minutes during a dialysis session . if you receive more rienso than you should overdose can cause accumulation of iron in your body . your doctor will monitor iron levels to avoid iron accumulation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . nodetrip is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . for depression and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual dose of nodetrip is 60 mg once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose of nodetrip is 30 mg once a day after which most patients will receive 60 mg once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted up to 120 mg a day based on your response to nodetrip . to help you remember to take nodetrip , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking nodetrip . do not stop taking nodetrip , or change your dose , without talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more nodetrip than you should call your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the amount of nodetrip prescribed by your doctor . symptoms of overdose include sleepiness , coma , serotonin syndrome ( a rare reaction 39 which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits , vomiting and fast heart rate . if you forget to take nodetrip if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take more than the daily amount of nodetrip that has been prescribed for you in one day . if you stop taking nodetrip do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if your doctor thinks that you no longer need nodetrip he or she will ask you to reduce your dose over at least 2 weeks before stopping treatment altogether . some patients who stop taking nodetrip suddenly have had symptoms such as : dizziness , tingling feelings like pins and needles or electric shock - like feelings ( particularly in the head ), sleep disturbances ( vivid dreams , nightmares , inability to sleep ), fatigue , sleepiness , feeling restless or agitated , feeling anxious , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), shaking ( tremor ), headaches , muscle pain , feeling irritable , diarrhoea , excessive sweating or vertigo . these symptoms are usually not serious and disappear within a few days , but if you have symptoms that are troublesome you should ask your doctor for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
tigecycline accord will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . the recommended dose in adults is 100 mg given initially , followed by 50 mg every 12 hours . this dose is given intravenously ( directly into your blood stream ) over a period of 30 to 60 minutes . the recommended dose in children aged 8 to < 12 years is 1 . 2 mg / kg given every 12 hours intravenously to a maximum dose of 50 mg every 12 hours . the recommended dose in adolescents aged 12 to < 18 years is 50 mg given every 12 hours . a course of treatment usually lasts for 5 to 14 days . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you receive more tigecycline accord than you should if you are concerned that you may have been given too much tigecycline accord , talk to your doctor or nurse immediately . if you miss a dose of tigecycline accord if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose , talk to your doctor or nurse immediately .
recommended dose always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . when given together with an aromatase inhibitor or fulvestrant to treat your breast cancer , the recommended dose of verzenios is 150 mg taken by mouth twice daily . if you get certain side effects while you are taking verzenios your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . when and how to take verzenios take verzenios twice daily , at about the same time every day , preferably in the morning and evening , so there is enough medicine in your body all the time . you can take the tablets either with or without food , just avoid grapefruit and grapefruit juice ( see section 2 " verzenios with food and drink "). swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets before swallowing . how long to take verzenios take verzenios continuously for as long as your doctor tells you to . if you take more verzenios than you should if you take too many tablets , or if someone else takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice . show the verzenios carton and this leaflet . medical treatment may be necessary . if you miss a dose of verzenios if you vomit after taking the dose or forget a dose , take your next dose at your usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten or vomited dose . if you stop taking verzenios do not stop taking verzenios unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of pemetrexed lilly is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteriods : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1000 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed lilly . you must take at least 5 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed lilly . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed lilly . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 1000 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed lilly and then approximately every 9 weeks ( corresponding to 3 courses of pemetrexed lilly treatment ). vitamin b12 and folic acid are given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above - mentioned indications . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is … the dose of eporatio ( expressed in international units or iu ) depends on your disease condition , your body weight and the way the injection is given ( under the skin [ subcutaneous injection ] or into a vein [ intravenous injection ]). your doctor will work out the right dose for you . anaemia caused by chronic renal failure the injections are given under the skin or into a vein . patients on haemodialysis will usually receive the injection at the end of dialysis via an arterio - venous fistula . patients who do not have to undergo dialysis are usally given the injections under the skin . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dosage or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood 58 should not exceed a value of 12 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your anaemia . if you do not respond adequately to eporatio , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of eporatio . treatment with eporatio is divided into two stages : a ) correcting the anaemia the initial dose for injections under the skin is 20 iu per kg of bodyweight , given 3 times per week . if necessary , your doctor will increase your dose at monthly intervals . the initial dose for injections into veins is 40 iu per kg of bodyweight , given 3 times per week . if necessary , your doctor will increase your dose at monthly intervals . b ) maintaining sufficient red blood cell levels once an adequate number of red blood cells has been reached , the maintenance dose required to keep the number constant will be determined by your doctor . in the case of injections under the skin , the weekly dose can be given either as 1 injection per week or as 3 divided injections per week . in the case of injections into veins , your dosage may be switched to 2 injections weekly . if the frequency of administration is changed , dose adjustments may be necessary . treatment with eporatio is normally a long - term therapy . the maximum dose should not exceed 700 iu per kg of bodyweight per week . anaemia in cancer patients injections are given under the skin . the injection will be given once - weekly . the initial dose is 20 , 000 iu . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dosage or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 12 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). you will usually receive eporatio until 1 month after the end of chemotherapy . the maximum dose should not exceed 60 , 000 iu . how are the injections given ? this medicine is given as an injection using a pre - filled syringe . the injection is given either into a vein ( intravenous injection ) or into the tissue just under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). if you are receiving eporatio as an injection under the skin , your doctor may suggest that you learn how to inject yourself this medicine . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to give this medicine to yourself without this training . some of the information required for using the pre - filled syringe can be found at the end of this package leaflet ( see section " 7 . information for injecting yourself "). proper treatment of your disease , however , requires close and constant co - operation with your doctor . each pre - filled syringe is for single use only . if you use more eporatio than you should do not increase the dose your doctor has given you . if you think you have injected more eporatio than you should , contact your doctor . it is unlikely to be serious . even at very high blood levels , no symptoms of poisoning have been observed . if you forget to use eporatio if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using eporatio before you stop using this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults with rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis amgevita is injected under the skin ( subcutaneous use ). the usual dose for adults with rheumatoid arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis , and for patients with psoriatic arthritis is 40 mg given every other week as a single dose . in rheumatoid arthritis , methotrexate is continued while using amgevita . if your doctor determines that methotrexate is inappropriate , amgevita can be given alone . if you have rheumatoid arthritis and you do not receive methotrexate with your amgevita therapy , your doctor may decide to give 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . children , adolescents and adults with polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg the recommended dose of amgevita is 20 mg every other week . children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more the recommended dose of amgevita is 40 mg every other week . children , adolescents and adults with enthesitis - related arthritis children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg the recommended dose of amgevita is 20 mg every other week . children , adolescents and adults from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more the recommended dose of amgevita is 40 mg every other week . adults with plaque psoriasis the usual dose for adults with plaque psoriasis is an initial dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg given every other week starting one week after the initial dose . you should continue to inject amgevita for as long as your doctor has told you . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . children and adolescents with plaque psoriasis children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg the recommended dose of amgevita is an initial dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more the recommended dose of amgevita is an initial dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . adults with hidradenitis suppurativa the usual dose regimen for hidradenitis suppurativa is an initial dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day or two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ), followed by an 80 mg dose ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . after two further weeks , continue with a dose of 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week , as prescribed by your doctor . it is recommended that you use an antiseptic wash daily on the affected areas . adolescents with hidradenitis suppurativa from 12 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more the recommended dose of amgevita is an initial dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg every other week starting one week later . if you have an inadequate response to amgevita 40 mg every other week , your doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . it is recommended that you use an antiseptic wash daily on the affected areas . adults with crohn ' s disease the usual dose regimen for crohn ' s disease is 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) initially followed by 40 mg every other week two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day or two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ), followed by 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later , and thereafter as 40 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . children and adolescents with crohn ' s disease children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg the usual dose regimen is 40 mg initially followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose frequency to 20 mg every week . children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing 40 kg or more the usual dose regimen is 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) initially followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day or as two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ) followed by 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . adults with ulcerative colitis the usual amgevita dose for adults with ulcerative colitis is 160 mg initially ( as four 40 mg injections in one day or as two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ) followed by 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later , then 40 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . adults with non - infectious uveitis the usual dose for adults with non - infectious uveitis is an initial dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg given every other week starting one week after the initial dose . you should continue to inject amgevita for as long as your doctor has told you . in non - infectious uveitis , corticosteroids or other medicines that influence the immune system may be continued while using amgevita . amgevita can also be given alone . children and adolescents with chronic non - infectious uveitis from 2 years of age children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg the usual dose of amgevita is 20 mg every other week with methotrexate . your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 40 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more the usual dose of amgevita is 40 mg every other week with methotrexate . your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 80 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose . method and route of administration amgevita is administered by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). if you use more amgevita than you should if you accidentally inject amgevita more frequently than told to by your doctor or pharmacist , call your doctor or pharmacist and tell him / her that you have taken more . always take the outer carton of this medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to use amgevita if you forget to give yourself an injection , you should inject the next dose of amgevita as soon as you remember . then take your next dose as you would have on your originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if you stop using amgevita the decision to stop using amgevita should be discussed with your doctor . your symptoms may return upon discontinuation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much is given your doctor will work out your dose and schedule of darzalex . the dose of darzalex will depend on your body weight . the usual starting dose of darzalex is 16 mg per kg of body weight . darzalex may be given alone or together with other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma . when given alone , darzalex is given as follows : once a week for the first 8 weeks then once every 2 weeks for 16 weeks then once every 4 weeks after that as long as your condition does not worsen . when darzalex is given together with other medicines your doctor may change the time between doses as well as how many treatments you will receive . in the first week your doctor may give you the darzalex dose split over two consecutive days . how the medicine is given darzalex will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein (" intravenous infusion ") over several hours . medicines given during treatment with darzalex you may be given medicines to lower the chance of getting shingles . before each infusion of darzalex you will be given medicines which help to lower the chance of infusion - related reactions . these may include : medicines for an allergic reaction ( anti - histamines ) medicines for inflammation ( corticosteroids ) medicines for fever ( such as paracetamol ). after each infusion of darzalex you will be given medicines ( such as corticosteroids ) to lower the chance of infusion - related reactions . people with breathing problems if you have breathing problems , such as asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ), you will be given medicines to inhale which help your breathing problems : medicines to help the airways in your lungs stay open ( bronchodilators ) medicines to lower swelling and irritation in your lungs ( corticosteroids ) if you are given more darzalex than you should this medicine will be given by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an overdose ) your doctor will check you for side effects . if you forget your appointment to have darzalex it is very important to go to all your appointments to make sure your treatment works . if you miss an appointment , make another one as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . to open for the first time , use the pointed portion of the cap to puncture the metal safety seal . how to apply panretin : for cutaneous use ( on the skin ) only apply panretin twice a day to start with , once in the morning and once in the evening . after that , your doctor will decide how often you should apply the gel depending on the response of your ks and any side effects . apply panretin to your ks lesions using a clean finger . place a generous coating of gel over the whole surface of each lesion that you want to treat . you do not need to rub the gel into the lesion . you need to avoid applying the gel to the healthy skin around the lesion . carefully applying the gel only to the area of the ks lesion will help to lessen any irritation or redness that may occur . proper application will leave some gel visible on the surface of the lesion when you are finished . - immediately after application , wipe the finger ( s ) you have used to apply the gel and any healthy skin touched by the gel with a disposable tissue . wash your hands using soap and water and wipe the healthy skin touched by the gel . - allow the gel to dry for three to five minutes before covering a treated area with loose clothing . do not cover the treated lesions with any bandage or other material . - a mild soap is recommended when bathing or showering . - if you think that the effect of panretin is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . - avoid showering , bathing , or swimming for at least three hours after any application . - avoid scratching the treated areas . - panretin contains alcohol . keep away from naked flame . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not be discouraged if you do not see immediate improvement . it may take up to 12 weeks for any improvement to show . do not stop treatment at the first sign of improvement . you may need to reduce the number of daily applications , or stop using panretin for a short while , if you develop unwanted skin effects . it is important that you consult your doctor , who will tell you what to do . if you use more panretin than you should there has been no experience with overdose of panretin . if you forget to take panretin do not use a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . apply the next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of grepid per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of grepid ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of grepid per day as described above . you should take grepid for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more grepid than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take grepid if you forget to take a dose of grepid , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking grepid do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you will be asked to lie down on the mri scanning bed . scanning may start immediately after the ablavar injection . after the injection you will be observed in case there might be any initial side effects . the usual dose the dose of this medicine varies depending on your weight . the doctor will decide how much medicine is needed for your examination . the dose is : 0 . 12 ml / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 03 mmol / kg of body weight ). further information regarding the administration and handling of this medicine is given at the end of the leaflet . method of administration this medicine is given as a rapid injection into a vein by a medical professional only . the usual injection site is the back of your hand or just in front of your elbow . dose in special patient groups 23 the use of this medicine is not recommended in patients with severe kidney problems and patients who have recently had , or soon expect to have , a liver transplant . however if use is required you should only receive one dose of this medicine during a scan and you should not receive a second injection for at least 7 days . elderly it is not necessary to adjust your dose if you are 65 years of age or older but you may have a blood test to check how well your kidneys are working . if you receive more ablavar than you should have received : if you think you may have had an overdose talk to your doctor immediately . your doctor will treat you should overdose occur . if necessary , this medicine can be removed from the body by haemodialysis using high - flux filters . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please consult your doctor , the radiologist or mri - centre personnel .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how is zarzio given and how much should i take ? zarzio is usually given as a daily injection into the tissue just under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). the usual dose varies depending on your illness and weight . your doctor will tell you how much zarzio you should take . patients having a bone marrow transplant after chemotherapy : you will normally receive your first dose of zarzio at least 24 hours after your chemotherapy and at least 24 hours after receiving your bone marrow transplant . you , or people caring for you , can be taught how to give subcutaneous injections so that you can continue your treatment at home . however , you should not attempt this unless you have been properly trained first by your health care provider . how long will i have to take zarzio ? you will need to take zarzio until your white blood cell count is normal . regular blood tests will be taken to monitor the number of white blood cells in your body . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take zarzio . use in children zarzio is used to treat children who are receiving chemotherapy or who suffer from severe low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ). the dosing in children receiving chemotherapy is the same as for adults . if you use more zarzio than you should do not increase the dose your doctor has given you . if you think you have injected more than you should , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use zarzio if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , contact your doctor as soon as possible . do not take a double dose to make up for any missed doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to take xofluza for treatment of influenza , take xofluza as a single dose as soon as possible within 48 hours of your flu symptoms starting . for prevention of influenza , take xofluza as a single dose as soon as possible within 48 hours following exposure to an infected person . how much xofluza to take your dose of xofluza depends on how much you weigh . your doctor or pharmacist will tell you how much to take . your weight xofluza dose up to 80 kg single dose of 40 mg taken as - 2 x 20 mg tablets 80 kg or more single dose of 80 mg taken as - 2 x 40 mg tablets xofluza can be taken with or without food . take all the tablets with some water . if you take more xofluza than you should if you accidentally take more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you forget to take xofluza if you forget to take some or all of your dose , take it as soon as possible . for the treatment of influenza , xofluza should be taken within 48 hours of your flu symptoms starting . for the prevention of influenza , xofluza should be taken within 48 hours of close contact with someone who is known or suspected to have flu .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet taken once a day at approximately the same time of the day . your doctor may adjust the dose to 2 . 5 mg based on your response to tadalafil mylan . this will be given as a 2 . 5 mg tablet . do not take tadalafil mylan more than once a day . tadalafil mylan tablets are for oral use in men only . swallow the tablet whole with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . once a day dosing of tadalafil mylan may be useful to men who anticipate having sexual activity two or more times per week . when taken once a day tadalafil mylan allows you to obtain an erection , when sexually stimulated , at any time point during the 24 hours of the day . if you take more tadalafil mylan than you should contact your doctor . you may experience side effects described in section 4 . if you forget to take tadalafil mylan take your dose as soon as you remember but do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . you should not take tadalafil mylan more than once a day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is take 1 film - coated tablet of sildenafil ratiopharm about 1 hour before sexual activity . swallow the film - coated tablet whole with a glass of water . you should not take more film - coated tablets than your doctor tells you to . you should not take sildenafil ratiopharm more than once a day . this medicine will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . the amount of time sildenafil ratiopharm takes to work varies from person to person , but it normally takes between half an hour and one hour . you may find that this medicine takes longer to work if you take it with a heavy meal . if this medicine does not help you to get an erection , or if your erection does not last long enough for you to complete sexual intercourse , you should tell your doctor . if you take more sildenafil ratiopharm than you should men who take too much sildenafil ratiopharm may experience more side effects or may get severe muscle pain . if you take more sildenafil ratiopharm than you should , tell your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . treatment of bleeding your doctor will calculate the dose of this medicine and how frequently you should use it to get the necessary level of factor viii activity in your blood . the doctor should always adjust the dose and the frequency of administration according to your individual needs . how much kogenate bayer you should use and how often you should use it depends on many factors such as : your weight the severity of your haemophilia where the bleed is and how serious it is whether you have inhibitors and how high the inhibitor titre is the factor viii level that is needed . prevention of bleeding if you are using kogenate bayer to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 20 to 40 iu of octocog alfa per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 3 days . however , in some cases , especially for younger patients , shorter dose intervals or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests it is strongly recommended that appropriate laboratory tests be performed on your plasma at suitable intervals to ensure that adequate factor viii levels have been reached and are maintained . for major surgery in particular , close monitoring of the substitution therapy by means of coagulation analysis must be carried out . use in children and adolescents kogenate bayer can be used in children of all ages . if bleeding is not controlled if the factor viii level in your plasma fails to reach expected levels , or if bleeding is not controlled after apparently adequate dose , you may have developed factor viii inhibitors . this must be checked by an experienced doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . patients with inhibitors if you have been told by your doctor that you have developed factor viii inhibitors you may need to use a larger amount of this medicine to control bleeding . if this dose does not control your bleeding your doctor may consider giving you an additional product , factor viia concentrate or ( activated ) prothrombin complex concentrate . these treatments should be prescribed by doctors with experience in the care of patients with haemophilia a . speak to your doctor if you would like further information on this . do not increase your dose of medicine you use to control your bleeding without consulting your doctor . duration of treatment your doctor will tell you , how often and at what intervals this medicine is to be administered . usually , the substitution therapy with kogenate bayer is a life - time treatment . how kogenate bayer is given this medicine is intended for injection into a vein over 2 to 5 minutes depending on the total volume and your comfort level and should be used within 3 hours after reconstitution . how kogenate bayer is prepared for administration use only the items ( powder vial with bio - set cap , pre - filled syringe containing solvent and venipuncture set ) that are provided with each package of this medicine . if these components cannot be used , please contact your doctor . if any component of the package is opened or damaged , do not use it . you must filter the reconstituted product before administration to remove any possible particles in the solution . you are filtering by following the reconstitution and / or administration steps as described below . use the venipuncture set provided as it contains an in - line filter . if you cannot use the venipuncture set provided , use a separate filter as your nurse or doctor has instructed . do not use the venipuncture set provided for drawing blood because it contains an in - line filter . when you must withdraw blood before an infusion , use an administration set without a filter , then infuse this medicine through an injection filter . if you have any questions about this medicine and compatible separate filters , contact your doctor . this medicine must not be mixed with other infusion solutions . do not use solutions containing visible particles or that are cloudy . follow the directions given by your doctor closely and use the detailed instructions for reconstitution and administration provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more kogenate bayer than you should no cases of overdose with recombinant coagulation factor viii have been reported . if you have used more kogenate bayer than you should , please inform your doctor . if you forget to use kogenate bayer proceed with your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you want to stop using kogenate bayer do not stop using kogenate bayer without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . xromi should only be given to you by a specialist doctor who is experienced in treating blood problems . - when you take xromi your doctor will take regular blood tests . this is to check the number and type of cells in your blood and to check your liver and kidney . - depending on the dose you take , these tests may be performed initially every two weeks and then every 2 - 3 months . - depending on these results your doctor may change your dose of xromi . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose for adults , adolescents and children over the age of 2 years is 15 mg / kg each day and the usual maintenance dose is between 20 - 25 mg / kg . your doctor will prescribe the correct dose for you . sometimes the doctor may change your dose of xromi , for example as a result of different tests . if you are not sure how much medicine to take , always ask your doctor or nurse . xromi with food and drink you can take this medicine with or after meals at any time of the day . however , the choice of method and time of day should be consistent from day to day . use in elderly you may be more sensitive to the effects of xromi and your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have kidney disease your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . you should not take xromi if you have severe kidney disease . handling your pack of xromi contains a bottle of medicine , a cap , a bottle adaptor and two dosing syringes ( a red 3 ml syringe and a white 12 ml syringe ). always use the syringes provided to take your medicine . it is important that you use the correct dosing syringe for your medicine . your doctor or pharmacist will advise which syringe to use depending on the dose that has been prescribed . the smaller 3 ml syringe ( red ), marked from 0 . 5 ml to 3 ml , is for measuring doses of less than or equal to 3 ml . you should use this one if the total amount you have to take is less than or equal to 3 ml ( each graduation of 0 . 1 ml contains 10 mg of hydroxycarbamide ). the larger 12 ml syringe ( white ), marked 1 ml to 12 ml , is for measuring doses of more than 3 ml . you should use this one if the total amount you have to take is more than 3 ml ( each graduation of 0 . 25 ml contains 25 mg of hydroxycarbamide ). if you are a parent or care giver administering the medicine , wash your hands before and after administering a dose . wipe up spillages immediately . to decrease the risk of exposure disposable gloves should be used when handling xromi . to minimise air bubbles , do not shake the bottle before administering a dose . if xromi comes into contact with skin , eyes or nose , it should be washed immediately and thoroughly with soap and water . when you use the medicine follow the instructions below : 1 . put on disposable hand gloves before handling xromi . 2 . remove the bottle cap ( figure 1 ) and push the adaptor firmly into the top of the bottle and leave in place for future doses ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the tip of the dosing syringe into the hole in the adaptor ( figure 3 ). your doctor or pharmacist will advise you of the correct syringe to use , either the 3 ml ( red syringe ) or the 12 ml ( white syringe ) in order to give the correct dose . 4 . turn the bottle upside down ( figure 4 ). 5 . pull the plunger of the syringe back so that the medicine is drawn from the bottle into the syringe . pull the plunger back to the point on the scale that corresponds to the dose prescribed ( figure 4 ). if you are not sure about how much medicine to draw into the syringe , always ask your doctor or nurse for advice . 6 . turn the bottle back the right way up and carefully remove the syringe from the adaptor , holding it by the barrel rather than the plunger . 7 . gently put the tip of the syringe into your mouth and to the inside of your cheek . 8 . slowly and gently push the plunger down to gently squirt the medicine into the inside of your cheek and swallow it . do not forcefully push down the plunger , or squirt the medicine to the back of your mouth or throat , as you may choke . 9 . remove the syringe from your mouth . 10 . swallow the dose of oral solution then drink some water , making sure no medicine is left in your mouth . 11 . put the cap back on the bottle with the adaptor left in place . ensure that the cap is tightly closed . 12 . wash the syringe with cold or warm tap water and rinse well . hold the syringe under water and move the plunger up and down several times to make sure the inside of the syringe is clean . let the syringe dry completely before you use that syringe again for dosing . store the syringe in a hygienic place with the medicine . repeat the above for each dose as instructed by your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more xromi than you should if you take more xromi than you should , tell your doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . the most common symptoms of overdose with xromi are : - redness of the skin , - soreness ( touch is painful ) and swelling of the palms of hands and soles of feet followed by the hands and feet becoming scaly , - skin becoming strongly pigmented ( locally changes of colour ), - soreness or swelling in the mouth . if you forget to take xromi tell your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking xromi do not stop taking your medicine unless advised by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the implant will be inserted by a doctor who has been trained in the administration procedure . the doctor will decide with you the most suitable time and the site for inserting the implant . one implant is injected every 2 months during the spring and summer months . three implants per year are recommended , depending on the length of effect required . however , this number should not exceed more than 4 per year . the implant is given as injection under your skin using a catheter tube and needle ( subcutaneous use ). before inserting this medicine , your doctor may decide to give you a local anaesthetic to numb the area where the implant is to be inserted . the implant is inserted directly under the skin folds on your waist or abdomen in an area known as the supra - iliac crest . at the end of the insertion procedure , you may be able to feel the implant under your skin . over time the implant will be absorbed by the body , this will happen within 50 to 60 days after implantation . if you experience discomfort and are concerned , speak to your doctor . the implant may be removed by a simple surgical procedure if needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much sebivo to take the recommended dose of sebivo is one 600 mg tablet once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . the tablet can be taken with or without food . swallow it whole with some water . do not chew , split or crush it . you may need to take sebivo less frequently if you have kidney problems . tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , any kidney problems . how long to take sebivo continue taking sebivo every day for as long as your doctor tells you . do not change your dose or stop taking sebivo without talking to your doctor . this medicine is intended for long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more sebivo than you should if you have taken too much sebivo , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , go to your doctor or hospital for advice straight away . take the pack of tablets with you and show it to your doctor . if you forget to take sebivo - if you forget to take sebivo , take it as soon as you remember and then take your next dose at its regular time . - however , if it is within 4 hours before your next dose , skip the dose you missed and take the next one at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . this may increase the chance of you getting unwanted side effects . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure what to do . if you stop taking sebivo stopping treatment with sebivo may result in a worsening of your hepatitis b infection i . e . progression of the disease and abnormal test results ( increase of viral load , alt increase ). do not stop sebivo unless your doctor tells you to . while you are taking sebivo , make sure you do not run out of sebivo . your doctor will monitor your health and do regular blood tests to check your liver after you stop treatment with sebivo since your hepatitis b infection may get worse or become very serious after stopping treatment . tell your doctor immediately about any new or unusual symptoms that you notice after stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your pharmacist , doctor or other healthcare professional has told you . check with your pharmacist or doctor if you are not sure . how to take the ellaone tablet - take one tablet by mouth as soon as possible and no later than 5 days ( 120 hours ) after unprotected sex or contraceptive failure . take the tablet without delay . - you can take the tablet at any time in your cycle . - you can take the tablet at any time of the day either before , during or after a meal . - if you are using one of the medicines that may prevent ellaone from working properly ( see section 2 " what you need to know before you take ellaone ") or if you have used one of these medicines in the past 4 weeks , ellaone may work less effectively for you . speak to your doctor or pharmacist before using ellaone . your doctor may prescribe another type of ( non - hormonal ) emergency contraceptive , i . e . a cu - iud . if you vomit after taking ellaone if you vomit ( be sick , throw up ) within 3 hours of taking the tablet , take another tablet as soon as possible . if you have sex again after taking ellaone if you have unprotected sex after taking the tablet , it will not stop you from becoming pregnant . after you take the tablet and until your next period comes , you should use condoms every time you have sex . if your next period is late after taking ellaone after taking the tablet , it is normal for your next period to be a few days late . however , if your period is more than 7 days late ; if it is unusually light or unusually heavy ; or if you experience symptoms such as abdominal ( stomach ) pain , breast tenderness , vomiting or nausea , you may be pregnant . you should do a pregnancy test right away . if you are pregnant , it is important that you see your doctor . ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ") if you take more ellaone than you should there have been no reports of harmful effects from taking a higher dose than recommended of this medicine however do ask your pharmacist , doctor or other healthcare professional for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your pharmacist , doctor or other healthcare professional .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much zimbus breezhaler to inhale the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use the medicine once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use zimbus breezhaler every day , even when your asthma is not troubling you . when to inhale zimbus breezhaler inhale zimbus breezhaler at the same time each day . this will help control your symptoms throughout the day and night . it will also help you to remember to use it . how to inhale zimbus breezhaler - zimbus breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules that contain the medicine . the inhaler enables you to inhale the medicine in the capsule . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack . the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it , do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions for use on the other side of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if your pack contains a sensor for zimbus breezhaler - the sensor and app are not required in order for you to take your medicine . the sensor does not need to be connected to the app when taking your medicine . - your doctor will decide whether use of the sensor and app is appropriate for you . - the electronic sensor for zimbus breezhaler is to be attached to the base of the zimbus breezhaler inhaler . - the sensor confirms that you have used the zimbus breezhaler inhaler by recording and monitoring its actuations and the whirring noise of the spinning capsule during inhalation but it will not monitor whether you have received the dose of your medicine . - the sensor is to be used with the propeller app on your smart phone or another suitable device . the sensor links with the propeller app via bluetooth . - please read the instructions for use provided in the sensor pack and the app for more information on how to use the sensor for zimbus breezhaler and the app . - after all zimbus breezhaler capsules in a pack have been used , move the sensor to the new inhaler in the next zimbus breezhaler pack . if your symptoms do not improve if your asthma is not getting better or if it gets worse after you have started using zimbus breezhaler , talk to your doctor . if you use more zimbus breezhaler than you should if you accidently inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or hospital for advice immediately . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use zimbus breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . general information about taking this medicine your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you , or the child you are caring for weighs . if necessary , the dose may be changed during treatment . this medicine is intended for subcutaneous use . this means that it is injected through a short injection needle into the fatty tissue just under the skin . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for subcutaneous administration are provided at the end of this leaflet ( see section " how to self - inject pegintron "). water for injection and pegintron powder are provided in separate ampoules . prepare the dose by adding water for injection to pegintron powder just before you intend to inject it and use it 117 immediately . look carefully at the solution you prepared before you use it . the solution should be clear and colourless . do not use the solution if it is discoloured ( changed its colour from the original ) or if there are bits of particles in the solution . discard any solution that is left in the vial after you give yourself the injection . for disposal instructions , see section 5 " how to store pegintron ". inject this medicine once each week on the same day . injecting it at the same time of day each week will help you not to forget to take it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dosage , and take it for as long as prescribed . if your doctor prescribes this medicine with ribavirin or with ribavirin and boceprevir , please read the package leaflets of ribavirin and boceprevir before you begin combination treatment . use in adults pegintron in combination treatment this medicine , when given with ribavirin capsules , is usually given at a dose of 1 . 5 microgram per kilogram of body weight once a week . if you have kidney disease , your dose may be lower , depending upon your kidney function . use in adults pegintron alone this medicine , when given alone , is usually given at a dose of 0 . 5 or 1 . 0 microgram per kilogram of body weight once a week , for 6 months to 1 year . if you have kidney disease , your dose may be lower , depending upon your kidney function . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . use in children 3 years of age and older and adolescents pegintron will be given in combination with ribavirin . the dose of pegintron is determined by a calculation accounting for both height and weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you use more pegintron than you should tell your doctor or healthcare professional or the doctor or healthcare professional of the child you are caring for as soon as possible . if you forget to take pegintron take / administer the dose of this medicine as soon as you remember , but only if within 1 - 2 days after the forgotten dose . if it is very close to your next injection , do not double the dose to make up for the forgotten dose , but continue your treatment as usual . if you are uncertain , contact your doctor or pharmacist or the doctor or pharmacist of the child you are caring for .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . fampridine accord is only available by prescription and under the supervision of doctors experienced in ms . your doctor will give you an initial prescription for 2 to 4 weeks . after 2 to 4 weeks the treatment will be reassessed . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ( 12 hours apart ). do not take more than two tablets in a day . you must leave 12 hours between each tablet . do not take the tablets more often than every 12 hours . swallow each tablet whole , with a drink of water . do not divide , crush , dissolve , suck or chew the tablet . this may increase your risk of side effects . if you take more fampridine accord than you should contact your doctor immediately if you take too many tablets . take the fampridine accord box with you if you go to see the doctor . in overdose you may notice sweating , minor shaking ( tremor ), dizziness , confusion , memory loss ( amnesia ) and fits ( seizure ). you may also notice other effects not listed here . if you forget to take fampridine accord if you forget to take a tablet , do not take two tablets at once to make up for a missed dose . you must always leave 12 hours between each tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take your tablet at least 6 hours after you last had anything to eat , drink or any other medicines or supplements except water . water with a high concentration of calcium should not be used . if there is concern regarding potentially high levels of calcium in the tap water ( hard water ), it is advised to use bottled water with a low mineral content . your doctor may do regular blood tests while you are taking ibandronic acid sandoz . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . taking this medicine it is important that you take ibandronic acid sandoz at the right time and in the right way . this is because it can cause irritation , inflammation or ulcers in your food pipe / gullet ( oesophagus ). you can help stop this happening by doing the following : take your tablet as soon as you get up for the day before having your first food , drink , any medicine or supplements . take your tablet with a full glass of water only ( about 200 ml ). do not take your tablet with any drink other than water swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , suck or crush the tablet . do not let the tablet dissolve in your mouth . after taking your tablet , wait at least 30 minutes . then you can have your first food and drink , and take any medicines or supplements . stay upright ( sitting or standing ) while taking your tablet and for the next hour ( 60 minutes ). otherwise , some of the medicine could leak back into your food pipe / gullet ( oesophagus ). how much to take the usual dose of ibandronic acid sandoz is one tablet each day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you take more ibandronic acid sandoz than you should if you take too many tablets talk to a doctor or go to hospital straight away . drink a full glass of milk before you go . do not make yourself sick . do not lie down . if you forget to take ibandronic acid sandoz do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet every other day or once a week , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you stop taking ibandronic acid sandoz keep taking ibandronic acid sandoz for as long as your doctor tells you . this is because the medicine will only work if it is taken all the time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with vihuma will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . vihuma is usually injected into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or a nurse who are experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . you or someone else might also give your vihuma injection , but only after receiving adequate training . your doctor will calculate your dose of vihuma ( in international units = iu ) depending on your condition and body weight , and on whether it is used for prevention or treatment of bleeding . how often you need an injection will depend on how well vihuma is working for you . usually , treatment for haemophilia a is a life - long treatment . prevention of bleeding the usual dose of vihuma is 20 to 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 3 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . treatment of bleeding the dose of vihuma is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of vihuma is insufficient , talk to your doctor . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels . this is particularly important if you are having major surgery . patients developing factor viii inhibitors if your plasma factor viii fails to reach expected levels with vihuma , or if bleeding is not adequately controlled , it could be due to the development of factor viii inhibitors . this will be checked by your doctor . you might need a higher dose of vihuma or a different product to control bleedings . do not increase the total dose of vihuma to control your bleeding without consulting your doctor . use in children the way vihuma is used in children does not differ from the way it is used in adults . because factor viii products may have to be given more often in children , a central venous access device ( cvad , an external connector allowing access to the bloodstream through a catheter without injection through the skin ) may need to be fitted . if you use more vihuma than you should no symptoms of overdose have been reported . if you have injected more vihuma than you should , please inform your doctor . if you forget to use vihuma do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . proceed with the next dose immediately and continue as advised by your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop using vihuma do not stop using vihuma without consulting your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you ' re not sure . how much volibris to take the usual dose of volibris is one 5 mg tablet , once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg , once a day . if you take cyclosporine a , do not take more than one 5 mg tablet of volibris , once a day . how to take volibris it is best to take your tablet at the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole , with a glass of water , do not split , crush or chew the tablet . you can take volibris with or without food . taking out a tablet these tablets come in special packaging to prevent children removing them . 1 . separate one tablet : tear along the cutting lines to separate one " pocket " from the strip . 2 . peel back the outer layer : starting at the coloured corner , lift and peel over the pocket . 3 . push out the tablet : gently push one end of the tablet through the foil layer . if you take more volibris than you should if you take too many tablets you may be more likely to have side effects , such as headache , flushing , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), or low blood pressure that could cause light - headedness : → ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice if you take more tablets than prescribed . if you forget to take volibris if you forget a dose of volibris , just take the tablet as soon as you remember , then carry on as before . → don ' t take two doses at the same time to make up for a forgotten dose . don ' t stop taking volibris without your doctor ' s advice volibris is a treatment that you will need to keep on taking to control your pah . → don ' t stop taking volibris unless you have agreed this with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
tractocile will be given to you in a hospital by a doctor , nurse or midwife . they will decide how much you need . they will also make sure the solution is clear and free from particles . tractocile will be given into a vein ( intravenously ) in three stages : - the first injection of 6 . 75 mg in 0 . 9 ml will be slowly injected into your vein over one minute . - then a continuous infusion ( drip ) will be given at a dose of 18 mg per hour for 3 hours . - then another continuous infusion ( drip ) at a dose of 6 mg per hour will be given for up to 45 hours , or until your contractions have stopped . treatment should last no longer than 48 hours in total . further treatment with tractocile can be used if your contractions start again . treatment with tractocile can be repeated up to three more times . during treatment with tractocile , your contractions and your unborn baby ' s heart rate may be monitored . it is recommended that no more than three re - treatments should be used during a pregnancy .
halaven will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an injection into a vein , over a period of 2 to 5 minutes . the dose you will receive is based on your body surface area ( expressed in squared metres , or m2 ) which is calculated from your weight and height . the usual dose of halaven is 1 . 23 mg / m2 , but this may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood test results or other factors . to ensure that the whole dose of halaven is given it is recommended that a saline solution is flushed into the vein after halaven is given . how often will you be given halaven ? halaven is usually given on days 1 and 8 of every 21 - day cycle . your doctor will determine how many cycles of treatment you should receive . depending on the results of your blood tests , the doctor may need to delay administration of the medicine until the blood tests return to normal . the doctor may also then decide to reduce the dose you are given . if you have any further questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your treatment is started and monitored by a doctor who is specialised in transplants . the usual way to take mycophenolate mofetil teva is as follows : kidney transplant adults the first dose will be given within 72 hours after the transplant operation . the recommended daily dose is 8 capsules ( 2 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 2 separate doses . this means taking 4 capsules in the morning then 4 capsules in the evening . children and adolescents ( aged 2 to 18 ) the dose given will vary depending on the size of the child . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on body surface area ( height and weight ). the recommended dose is 600 mg / m2 taken twice a day . heart transplant adults the first dose will be given within 5 days following the transplant operation . the recommended daily dose is 12 capsules ( 3 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 2 separate doses . this means taking 6 capsules in the morning then 6 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of mycophenolate mofetil teva in children with a heart transplant . liver transplant adults the first dose of oral mycophenolate mofetil teva will be given to you at least 4 days after the transplant operation and when you are able to swallow oral medicines . the recommended daily dose is 12 capsules ( 3 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 2 separate doses . this means taking 6 capsules in the morning then 6 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of mycophenolate mofetil teva in children with a liver transplant . method and route of administration swallow your capsules whole with a glass of water . you can take them with or without food . do not break or crush them and do not take any capsules that have broken open or split . avoid contact with any powder that spills out from damaged capsules . if a capsule breaks open accidentally , wash any powder from your skin with soap and water . if any powder gets into your eyes or mouth , rinse thoroughly with plenty of plain , fresh water . treatment will continue for you as long as you need immunosuppression to prevent your body from rejecting your transplanted organ . if you take more mycophenolate mofetil teva than you should it is important not to take too many capsules . contact your nearest hospital accident and emergency department or a doctor for advice if you have swallowed more capsules than you have been told to take or if you think a child has swallowed any . if you forget to take mycophenolate mofetil teva if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember , then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking mycophenolate mofetil teva do not stop taking mycophenolate mofetil teva because you feel better . it is important to take the medicine for as long as the doctor has told you to . stopping your treatment with mycophenolate mofetil teva may increase the chance of rejection of your transplanted organ . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . although toujeo contains the same active substance as insulin glargine 100 units / ml , these medicines are not interchangeable . the switch from one insulin therapy to another requires medical prescription , medical supervision and blood glucose monitoring . please , consult your doctor for further information . how much to use the toujeo solostar pre - filled pen can provide a dose of 1 to 80 units in one injection , in steps of 1 unit . the dose window of the solostar pen shows the number of units of toujeo to be injected . do not make any dose re - calculation . based on your lifestyle , your blood sugar tests and your previous insulin use , your doctor will tell you : how much toujeo you need each day and at what time . when to check your blood sugar level and if you need to carry out urine tests . when you may need a higher or lower dose . toujeo is a long - acting insulin . your doctor may tell you to use it with a short - acting insulin , or with other medicines for high blood sugar . if you use more than one insulin always ensure you use the right insulin by checking the insulin label before each injection . medication errors due to mix - up between insulins , particularly between long - acting insulins and rapid - acting insulins have been reported . the strength " 300 " is highlighted in honey gold on the label of your toujeo solostar pre - filled pen . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . many factors may affect your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you can take the right action if your blood sugar level changes and help step it becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for more information . flexibility in time of administration use toujeo once a day , preferably at the same time every day . when needed , you can inject it up to 3 hours before or after the usual time that you use it . use in elderly patients ( 65 years and over ) if you are 65 years or older , talk to your doctor as you may need a lower dose . if you have kidney or liver problems if you have kidney or liver problems , talk to your doctor as you may need a lower dose . before injecting toujeo read the instructions for use that come with this package leaflet . if you do not follow all of these instructions , you may get too much or too little insulin . how to inject toujeo is injected under the skin ( subcutaneous use or " sc "). inject it into the front of your thighs , upper arms or the front of your waist ( abdomen ). change the place within the area you inject each day . this will reduce the risk of skin shrinking or thickening ( for more information , see " other side effects " in section 4 ). to prevent the possible transmission of disease , insulin pens should never be used for more than one person , even when the needle is changed . always attach a new sterile needle before each injection . never re - use needles . if you re - use a needle this increases the risk of it becoming blocked and of you getting too much or too little insulin . throw away the used needle in a puncture resistant container , or as told by your pharmacist or local authority . do not use toujeo in a vein . this will change the way it works and may cause your blood sugar to become too low . in an insulin infusion pump . if there are particles in the insulin . the solution should be clear , colourless and water - like . never use a syringe to remove toujeo from your solostar pen or severe overdose can result . please , see also section 2 . if the solostar pen is damaged , has not been stored correctly , if you are not sure that it is working properly or you notice that your blood sugar control is unexpectedly getting worse : throw the pen away and use a new one . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you think you have problem with your pen . if you use more toujeo than you should if you have injected too much of this medicine , your blood sugar level may become too low . check your blood sugar and eat more food to prevent you blood sugar getting too low . if your blood sugar gets too low , see the advice in the box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use toujeo when needed , toujeo can be injected up to 3 hours before or after the time you usually inject it . if you have missed a dose of toujeo or if you have not injected enough insulin , your blood sugar level may become too high ( hyperglycaemia ): do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . check your blood sugar and then inject your next dose at the usual time . for information on the treatment of hyperglycaemia , see the box at the end of this leaflet . if you stop using toujeo do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you do , it could lead to very high blood sugar and a build - up of acid in the blood ( ketoacidosis ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take - the recommended dose is one tablet a day . taking this medicine - swallow the tablet whole with half a glass of water . - you can take your tablet with or without food . - you can take the tablet at any time of the day . however , try to take it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe other medicines to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . remember to take other medicine ( s ) as your doctor has told you . this will help get the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your diabetes , you still need to keep to diet and exercise , even when you are taking this medicine . so it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking qtern . if you take more qtern than you should if you take more qtern tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take qtern what to do if you forget to take a tablet . - if it is less than 12 hours since you should have taken your dose , take a dose of qtern as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . - if it is more than 12 hours since you should have taken your dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose of qtern to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking qtern without talking to your doctor first . your blood sugar may increase without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day as described above . . you should take clopidogrel acino for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel acino do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take tamiflu as soon as possible , ideally within two days of the flu symptoms starting . the recommended doses for treating flu , take two doses daily . it is usually convenient to take one dose in the morning and one in the evening . it is important to complete the whole 5 - day course , even if you start to feel better quickly . for patients with a weak immune system , treatment will continue for 10 days . for preventing flu or after being exposed to an infected person , take one dose daily for 10 days . it is best to take this in the mornings with breakfast . in special situations , such as widespread flu or for patients with a weak immune system , treatment will continue for up to 6 or 12 weeks . the recommended dose is based on the patient ' s body weight . you must use the amount of oral capsules or suspension prescribed by the doctor . adults , and adolescents 13 years and over body weight treating flu : dose for 5 days treating flu ( immunocompromised patients ): dose for 10 days * preventing flu : dose for 10 days 40 kg or more 75 mg ** twice daily 75 mg ** twice daily 75 mg ** once daily * for patients with a weak immune system , treatment is for 10 days ** 75 mg can be made up of a 30 mg capsule plus a 45 mg capsule children 1 to 12 years body weight treating flu : dose for 5 days treating flu ( immunocompromised patients ): dose for 10 days * preventing flu : dose for 10 days 10 to 15 kg 30 mg twice daily 30 mg twice daily 30 mg once daily more than 15 kg and up to 23 kg 45 mg twice daily 45 mg twice daily 45 mg once daily more than 23 kg and up to 40 kg 60 mg twice daily 60 mg twice daily 60 mg once daily more than 40 kg 75 mg ** twice daily 75 mg ** twice daily 75 mg ** once daily * for children with a weak immune system , treatment is for 10 days ** 75 mg can be made up of a 30 mg capsule plus a 45 mg capsule infants less than 1 year ( 0 to 12 months ) giving tamiflu to infants less than 1 year old for preventing flu during flu pandemic should be based upon the judgment of a doctor after considering the potential benefit versus any potential risk to the infant . body weight treating flu : dose for 5 days treating flu ( immunocompromised patients ): dose for 10 days * preventing flu : dose for 10 days 3 kg to 10 + kg , 3 mg per kg body weight **, twice daily 3 mg per kg body weight **, twice daily 3 mg per kg **, once daily * for infants with a weak immune system , treatment is for 10 days . ** mg per kg = mg for each kilogram of the infant ' s body weight . for example : if a 6 - month - old weighs 8 kg , the dose is 8 kg x 3mg per kg = 24 mg method of administration swallow the capsules whole with water . do not break or chew the capsules . tamiflu can be taken with or without food , although taking it with food can reduce the chance of feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ). people who find it hard to take capsules can use a liquid medicine , tamiflu oral suspension . if you need tamiflu oral suspension , but it ' s not available from your pharmacy , you can make a liquid form of tamiflu from these capsules . see making liquid tamiflu at home , over the page . if you take more tamiflu than you should stop taking tamiflu and contact a doctor or pharmacist immediately . in most cases of overdose , people have not reported any side effects . when side effects were reported , they were similar to those from normal doses , as listed in section 4 . overdose has been reported to have occurred more frequently when tamiflu was given to children than to adults and adolescents . caution should be exercised when preparing liquid tamiflu for children and when administering tamiflu capsules or liquid tamiflu to children . if you forget to take tamiflu do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten capsule . if you stop taking tamiflu there are no side effects when you stop tamiflu . but if tamiflu is stopped earlier than your doctor told you , the symptoms of flu may come back . always complete the course that your doctor prescribed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take you should start by taking one tablet a day . after 4 weeks , your doctor may raise your dose to two tablets a day . if you are switching from a medicine containing 2 , 000 mg or more of a prolonged - release nicotinic acid , your doctor can start you with two tablets of pelzont a day . if you are switching from a medicine with less than 2 , 000 mg of prolonged - nicotinic acid , you should start by taking one tablet of pelzont a day . after 4 weeks , your doctor may raise your dose of pelzont to two 33 tablets a day . how to take take pelzont once a day , in the evening or at bedtime . take pelzont with food . swallow each tablet whole . in order for your medicine to work as intended , do not split , break , crush , or chew the tablet before you swallow it . avoid drinking alcohol or hot drinks or eating spicy foods near the time you take your dose of pelzont . this will lower your chance of flushing ( redness of the skin , feeling warm , itching , or tingling , particularly in your head , neck , chest and upper back ). taking aspirin before you take pelzont does not reduce your flushing more than taking pelzont alone . therefore , taking aspirin to reduce flushing symptoms is not necessary . if you take aspirin for any other reason , continue to follow your doctor ' s advice . if you take more pelzont than you should in the event of an overdose , the following side effects were reported : flushing , headache , pruritus ( itching ), nausea , dizziness , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain / discomfort , and back pain . if you take more than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take pelzont if you miss a dose , do not take an extra dose . continue with your usual dose the next evening or at bedtime . however , if you do not take pelzont for 7 or more days in a row , talk to your doctor before restarting pelzont . if you stop taking pelzont do not stop taking pelzont without talking to your doctor . your cholesterol problem may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one single transdermal patch . the medicine in the transdermal patch passes gradually through your skin into your body and , therefore , the patch is applied 1 to 2 days ( 24 to 48 hours ) before the start of chemotherapy treatment . this medicine is for transdermal use . this medicine delivers the active substance slowly and constantly through your skin and into your blood stream for the duration that you are wearing the transdermal patch . things to remember when using the transdermal patch - do not keep or store the transdermal patch outside the sealed sachet . - do not cut the transdermal patch into smaller pieces . - use only one transdermal patch at a time . - when you remove the transdermal patch , check your skin and tell your doctor if you notice a serious skin reaction ( if your skin is very red , itchy or you notice any blisters ). - the transdermal patch may be affected by direct sunlight or exposure to sunlamps . while you are wearing the transdermal patch you must keep it covered , e . g . under clothing , if there is a risk of exposure to sunlight or sunlamps . continue to keep the application site covered for a further 10 days after removing the transdermal patch . - contact with water during bathing or showering will not change the way sancuso works . - however , the transdermal patch may become partially unstuck . try to avoid wearing the transdermal patch in water for long periods of time . - there is no information on the effect on the transdermal patch of activities such as strenuous exercise or the use of sauna or whirlpools ; therefore , you should avoid these activities while wearing this transdermal patch . - you should avoid external heat ( for example hot water bottles or heat pads ) on the area of the transdermal patch . when to apply and remove the transdermal patch do not remove the transdermal patch from the sachet until you are ready to use it . apply a transdermal patch at least 1 day ( 24 hours ) before you are scheduled to have chemotherapy treatment . the transdermal patch may be applied up to a maximum of 2 days ( 48 hours ) before chemotherapy . wear the transdermal patch all the time during your chemotherapy . the transdermal patch can be worn for up to 7 days depending on the duration of your chemotherapy treatment . remove the transdermal patch at least 1 day ( 24 hours ) after completing your chemotherapy . where to apply the transdermal patch put the transdermal patch on a clean , dry , healthy area of skin on the outside part of your upper arm . if your arms are not suitable areas to apply the transdermal patch your doctor may ask you to put it on your abdomen . the area you choose should not be oily , recently shaved or have any skin problems such as being injured ( cut or scraped ) or irritated ( redness or a rash ). do not put sancuso on areas that have been treated with creams , oils , lotions , powders or other skin products that could keep the transdermal patch from sticking well to your skin . how to apply the transdermal patch 1 . remove a sachet from the box and tear it open using the slit provided . each sachet contains one transdermal patch stuck onto a rigid plastic film . 2 . take the transdermal patch out of the sachet . 3 . the sticky side of the transdermal patch is covered by a two - piece rigid plastic film . bend the transdermal patch in the middle and remove one half of the rigid plastic film . be careful not to stick the transdermal patch to itself and avoid touching the sticky side of the transdermal patch . 4 . while holding the remaining half of the rigid plastic film , apply the transdermal patch to the skin on the outside part of your upper arm . 5 . remove the second half of the rigid plastic film and press the whole transdermal patch firmly in place with your fingers and smooth down . press firmly making sure there is good contact with the skin , especially around the edges . 6 . wash your hands after applying the transdermal patch . 7 . keep the transdermal patch in place for the whole time you are having chemotherapy . 8 . do not re - use the transdermal patch after removal , see below for instructions on transdermal patch removal and disposal ( see section 5 ). after removing the transdermal patch 1 . the used transdermal patch will still contain some granisetron and should be disposed of immediately as described in section 5 . 2 . after removing the transdermal patch you may find some sticky material is left on your skin . gently wash the area with soap and water to remove it . alcohol or other dissolving liquids such as nail polish remover may cause skin irritation and should not be used . 3 . wash your hands . 4 . you may see mild redness on the skin where the transdermal patch is removed . this redness should go away over time . if it does not , tell your doctor . if the transdermal patch becomes unstuck if the transdermal patch starts to become unstuck , the same transdermal patch may be secured to the same area of skin . if required , use surgical bandages or medical adhesive tape to keep the transdermal patch in place . if the transdermal patch is lost or becomes damaged go back to your doctor . if you use more sancuso than you should if you use more sancuso than you should , simply remove the extra patch ( es ) and contact your doctor . if you forget to use sancuso it is important to use this medicinal product as instructed by your doctor to prevent you feeling sick or being sick following your chemotherapy . if you have forgotten to apply your transdermal patch at the right time , apply it as soon as you remember , and tell your doctor as soon as possible before your chemotherapy treatment . if you stop using sancuso it is important to use this medicine during the whole length of your chemotherapy ( up to 7 days ) to prevent you feeling sick or being sick following your chemotherapy . talk to your doctor if you want to remove the patch before the end of your chemotherapy treatment course ( up to 7 days ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . one tablet should be taken once daily . if necessary your doctor may tell you to take a different dose . if you have the impression that the effect of pioglitazone krka is too weak , talk to your doctor . when pioglitazone krka is taken in combination with other medicines used to treat diabetes ( such as insulin , chlorpropamide , glibenclamide , gliclazide , tolbutamide ) your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a smaller dose of your medicines . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with pioglitazone krka . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking pioglitazone krka . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . use in children and adolescents use in children under 18 years is not recommended . if you take more pioglitazone krka than you should if you accidentally take too many pioglitazone krka tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take pioglitazone krka take pioglitazone krka tablets daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking pioglitazone krka pioglitazone krka tablets should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using pioglitazone krka tablets , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the dose will be set individually for you by your doctor for your condition . the usual starting dose of besremi is 100 microgram every 2 weeks . your doctor will then increase your dose stepwise and may adjust your dose during treatment . your doctor will reduce your starting dose to 50 microgram if you have severe kidney problems . this medicine is for subcutaneous use which means that it is injected in the tissue under your skin . it should not be injected into an area of the body where the skin is irritated , reddened , bruised , infected or scarred . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will get clear instructions on how to prepare and inject it . to prevent passing on infectious diseases , you should never share besremi pre - filled pen with anyone else , even when the needle is changed . details on how to prepare and inject besremi are given in the instructions for use . read them before you start using besremi . if you use more besremi than you should tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use besremi you should inject the dose as soon as you remember . however , if more than 2 days have passed since you missed the dose , leave out the dose and inject the next dose when it is due . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you stop using besremi 31 do not stop using besremi before you have talked to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how often will synagis be given to my child ? synagis should be given to your child at a dose of 15 mg / kg body weight once a month for as long as the risk of rsv infection remains . for your child ' s best protection , it is necessary to take the doctor ' s advice about when to return for additional doses of synagis . if your child is to have a heart operation ( cardiac bypass surgery ), he or she may be given an extra dose of synagis after the operation . your child can then go back to the original planned injection . how will my child receive synagis ? synagis will be given by injection to your child into a muscle , usually in the outer part of the thigh . what should you do if your child misses an injection of synagis ? if your child misses an injection , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . each injection of synagis can only help protect your child for about one month before another injection is needed . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . if you are not sure about how this product will be given to your child , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use grasustek exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . injecting grasustek yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject grasustek yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with grasustek , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not shake grasustek vigorously as this may affect its activity . if you use more grasustek than you should if you use more grasustek than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to inject grasustek if you have forgotten a dose of grasustek , contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . which strength patches to use leganto is available in different strength patches which release the medicine over 24 hours . the strengths are 1 mg / 24 h , 2 mg / 24 h and 3 mg / 24 h for the treatment of restless leg syndrome . your starting dose will be one , 1 mg / 24 h patch each day . from the second week , your daily dose may be increased by 1 mg each week until you get to the right maintenance dose for you . this is when you and your doctor agree that the symptoms are being controlled well enough and the side effects of the medicines are acceptable . please follow the instructions of the prescriber carefully . the maximum dose is 3 mg per day . if you have to stop taking this medicine , see ' if you stop using leganto ' in section 3 . how to use the leganto patches leganto is a patch that is put on the skin . make sure that you take the old patch off before putting on a new one . stick the new patch on a different area of the skin each day . leave the patch on your skin for 24 hours , then take it off and put on a new one . change the patches at about the same time every day . do not cut the leganto patches into pieces . where to stick the patch put the sticky side of the patch onto clean , dry , healthy skin on the following areas as shown in grey on the pictures opposite : shoulder or upper arm . belly . flank ( your side , between the ribs and hips ). thigh or hip . to avoid skin irritation stick the patch onto a different area of skin each day . for example , put it on the right side of your body one day , then on the left side of your body the next day . or on your upper body one day , then on your lower body the day after that . do not stick leganto on the same area of skin twice within 14 days . do not stick the patch on broken or damaged skin or on skin that is red or irritated . if you still get problems with your skin because of the patch , please see ' skin problems caused by the patch ' in section 4 for more information . to prevent the patch becoming loose or falling off do not put the patch in an area where it can be rubbed by tight clothing . do not use creams , oils , lotions , powders or other skin products where you will put the patch . also do not use them on or near a patch you are already wearing . if you need to stick the patch to a hairy area of skin , you must shave the area at least 3 days before sticking the patch there . if the edges of the patch lift , the patch may be taped down with adhesive medical tape . if the patch falls off , put on a new patch for the rest of the day then replace the patch at the usual time . do not let the area of the patch get hot for example too much sunlight , saunas , hot baths , heating pads or hot - water bottles . this is because the medicine may be released faster . if you think that too much heat has been applied , contact your doctor or pharmacist . always check that the patch has not fallen off after activities such as bathing , showering or exercising . if the patch has irritated your skin , keep that area protected from direct sunlight . this is because it may change the colour of the skin . how to use the patch each patch is packed in a separate sachet . before opening the sachet decide where you are going to stick this new patch and check you have removed any old patch . stick the leganto patch onto your skin as soon as you have opened the sachet and removed the release liner . 1 . to open the sachet , hold the sachet in both hands . 2 . peel apart the foil . 3 . open the sachet . 4 . take the patch out of the sachet . 5 . the sticky side of the patch is covered by a transparent release liner . hold the patch in both hands with the release liner facing you . 6 . bend the patch in half . this makes the s - shaped break in the liner open up . 7 . peel off one side of the release liner . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your fingers . 8 . hold the other half of the rigid release liner . then put the sticky half of the patch onto your skin . press the sticky side of the patch firmly into place . 9 . fold back the other half of the patch and remove the other side of the release liner . 10 . press the patch down firmly with the palm of your hand . keep it pressed for about 30 seconds . this makes sure the patch is touching the skin and the edges stick down well . 11 . wash your hands with soap and water straight after handling the patch . how to take off a used patch slowly and carefully peel off the used patch . gently wash the area with warm water and mild soap . this will remove any stickiness that stays on your skin . you can also use a little baby oil to remove any stickiness that will not wash off . do not use alcohol or other dissolving liquids such as nail polish remover . these may irritate your skin . if you use more leganto than you should using higher doses of leganto than your doctor has prescribed may cause side effects such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , low blood pressure , seeing or hearing things that are not real ( hallucinations ), feeling confused , very sleepy , having involuntary movements and convulsions . in such cases , contact your doctor or hospital straight away . they will tell you what to do if you forget to change the patch at your usual time if you have forgotten to change the patch at your usual time , change it as soon as you remember . take off the old patch and use a new one . if you have forgotten to stick on a new patch after removing the old one , use a new patch as soon as you remember . in both cases , use a new patch at the usual time on the following day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using leganto without talking to your doctor . a sudden stop could lead to a medical condition called ' neuroleptic malignant syndrome ' which could be life - threatening . the signs include : loss of muscle movement ( akinesia ), rigid muscles , fever , unstable blood pressure , increased heart rate ( tachycardia ), confusion , low level of consciousness ( such as a coma ). if your doctor says you should stop leganto , the daily dose should be lowered gradually : restless legs syndrome lowered by 1 mg every other day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . fampyra is only available by prescription and under the supervision of doctors experienced in ms . your doctor will give you an initial prescription for 2 to 4 weeks . after 2 to 4 weeks the treatment will be reassessed . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ( 12 hours apart ). do not take more than two tablets in a day . you must leave 12 hours between each tablet . do not take the tablets more often than every 12 hours . swallow each tablet whole , with a drink of water . do not divide , crush , dissolve , suck or chew the tablet . this may increase your risk of side effects . if your fampyra is supplied in bottles , the bottle will also contain a desiccant . leave the desiccant in the bottle , do not swallow it . if you take more fampyra than you should contact your doctor immediately if you take too many tablets . take the fampyra box with you if you go to see the doctor . in overdose you may notice sweating , minor shaking ( tremor ), dizziness , confusion , memory loss ( amnesia ) and fits ( seizure ). you may also notice other effects not listed here . if you forget to take fampyra if you forget to take a tablet , do not take two tablets at once to make up for a missed dose . you must always leave 12 hours between each tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . the choice of the dose strength of duzallo depends on the allopurinol dose already taken as individual tablet ( s ) and will be decided by your doctor . your doctor will tell you if additional doses of allopurinol are still necessary . duzallo is a tablet to be taken by mouth . the recommended dose is 1 tablet once a day in the morning . do not take more than 1 tablet per day . swallow the tablet whole with water and after breakfast in the morning . drink plenty of water during the day to reduce the risk of kidney stones . if you take more duzallo than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately . you may feel sick or be sick , feel dizzy or have diarrhoea . if you forget to take duzallo do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . wait and take your next dose of duzallo the next morning . if you stop taking duzallo do not stop taking duzallo without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva is one or two tablets a day . irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva will usually be prescribed by your doctor when your previous treatment did not reduce your blood pressure enough . your doctor will instruct you how to switch from the previous treatment to irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva . method of administration irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva until your doctor tells you otherwise . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 6 - 8 weeks after beginning treatment . if you take more irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . children should not take irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor or nurse . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . osteoporosis the usual dose is 5 mg given as one infusion per year into a vein by your doctor or nurse . the infusion will take at least 15 minutes . in case you recently broke your hip , it is recommended that aclasta is administered two or more weeks after your hip repair surgery . it is important to take calcium and vitamin d supplements ( for example tablets ) as directed by your doctor . for osteoporosis , aclasta works for one year . your doctor will let you know when to return for your next dose . paget ' s disease for the treatment of paget ' s disease , aclasta should be prescribed only by physicians with experience in the treatment of paget ' s disease of the bone . the usual dose is 5 mg , given to you as one initial infusion into a vein by your doctor or nurse . the infusion will take at least 15 minutes . aclasta may work for longer than one year , and your doctor will let you know if you need to be treated again . your doctor may advise you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements ( e . g . tablets ) for at least the first ten days after being given aclasta . it is important that you follow this advice carefully so that the level of calcium in your blood does not become too low in the period after the infusion . your doctor will inform you regarding the symptoms associated with hypocalcaemia . aclasta with food and drink make sure you drink enough fluids ( at least one or two glasses ) before and after the treatment with aclasta , as directed by your doctor . this will help to prevent dehydration . you may eat normally on the day you are treated with aclasta . this is especially important in patients who take diuretics (" water pills ") and in elderly patients ( age 65 years or over ). if you missed a dose of aclasta contact your doctor or hospital as soon as possible to re - schedule your appointment . before stopping aclasta therapy if you are considering stopping aclasta treatment , please go to your next appointment and discuss this with your doctor . your doctor will advise you and decide how long you should be treated with aclasta . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with cablivi is started by a doctor experienced in blood disorders . the recommended treatment is first dose - 1 vial injected into a vein by a healthcare professional - the medicine will be given before starting plasma exchange subsequent doses : - 1 vial once daily as a subcutaneous injection ( under the skin of the belly ) - the subcutaneous injection will be given after each daily plasma exchange - after the daily plasma exchange finishes , your treatment with cablivi will continue for at least 30 days with injection of 1 vial once daily . - your doctor may ask you to continue daily treatment until the underlying signs of your disease are resolved your doctor may decide that you or your caregiver may inject cablivi . in this case , your doctor or healthcare provider will train you or your caregiver on how to use cablivi . instructions for use the first injection of cablivi into your vein must be given by a healthcare professional . instructions for healthcare professionals on how to inject cablivi into your vein are at the end of the leaflet . for each injection , use a fresh kit package to prepare the injection solution . do not try to inject cablivi until you have been taught how to do so by a healthcare professional . never use the kit for another injection . step 1 - cleaning wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . prepare a clean flat surface for placing the kit package . make sure you have a disposal container at hand . step 2 - before use make sure the kit package is complete . check the expiry date . do not use if the expiry date has passed . do not use the kit if the packaging or the items in it are damaged in any way . place all components of the kit on the clean flat surface . if the kit was not stored at room temperature , allow the vial and the syringe to reach room temperature ( 15 25 ) by letting them stand at room temperature for a few minutes . do not warm them up in any other way . step 3 - disinfect the rubber stopper remove the plastic flip - off cap from the vial . do not use the vial if the green plastic cap is missing . clean the exposed rubber stopper using one of the alcohol pads provided and allow it to dry for a few seconds . after cleaning , do not touch the rubber stopper or allow it to touch any surface . step 4 - attaching the adapter take the packed vial adapter and remove the paper cover . leave the adapter in its opened plastic packaging . do not touch the adapter itself . place the adapter over the vial , while keeping the adapter in its plastic packaging . press down firmly until the adapter snaps into place , with the adapter spike going through the vial stopper . leave the adapter attached to the vial , still in its outer packaging . step 5 - prepare the syringe holding the syringe in your hand , break off the white cap with your other hand . do not use the syringe if this white cap is missing , loose or damaged . do not touch the syringe tip or allow it to come into contact with any surfaces . place the syringe on the clean flat surface . step 6 - connect syringe with adapter and vial take the vial with the attached adapter . remove the plastic packaging from the adapter by holding the vial with one hand , pressing the sides of the adapter packaging with your other hand , and then lifting the packaging upwards . take care that the adapter does not come away from the vial . hold the adapter with the attached vial with one hand . place the tip of the syringe on the connector part of the vial adapter . gently lock the syringe onto the vial by turning it clockwise until resistance is felt . step 7 - prepare the solution keep the vial standing vertically on the surface with the syringe pointing downwards . slowly push the syringe ' s plunger down until the syringe is empty . do not remove the syringe from the vial . with the syringe still connected to the vial adapter , gently swirl the vial with connected syringe until the powder is dissolved . avoid foaming . do not shake the vial . allow the vial with connected syringe to stand on the surface for 5 minutes at room temperature to allow the solution to completely dissolve . the plunger may rise up by itself again - this is normal . go to step 8 immediately after these 5 minutes . step 8 - draw up solution check the solution for particles . all powder must be dissolved and the solution must be clear . slowly press the syringe ' s plunger fully down . turn the whole - vial , adapter and syringe - upside down . while keeping it vertical , slowly pull the plunger to transfer all the solution into the syringe . do not shake it . step 9 - prepare the syringe for administration turn the whole - vial , adapter and syringe - right - side up ( with the syringe at the top ). disconnect the filled syringe from the adapter by holding the adapter in one hand and gently turning the syringe counter - clockwise . put the vial and the attached adapter into the supplied disposal container . do not touch the syringe tip or allow it to touch the surface . place the syringe on the clean flat surface . go to step 10 to inject caplacizumab under the skin of the belly . instructions for healthcare professionals on how to inject cablivi into your vein are at the end of the leaflet . step 10 - attach the needle unpack the needle by tearing the paper cover off the needle packaging and removing the needle with protective cap . without removing the needle cap , attach the needle to the syringe by turning clockwise until resistance is felt . pull back the needle safety shield . check the content of the syringe . do not use the medicine if you see any cloudiness , clumps or anything else that looks abnormal . contact your doctor or nurse if this happens . step 11 - prepare injection site for injection under the skin select a suitable place (' injection site ') on your belly for injection under your skin . avoid the area around the belly button . select a different injection site from the one you used on the previous day to help the skin to recover after the injection .' use the second alcohol pad to clean the injection site you have chosen . step 12 - administration carefully remove the needle protection cap from the needle and throw it away . make sure the needle does not touch anything before the injection . hold the syringe at eye level with the needle pointing upwards . remove any air bubbles by tapping the side of the syringe with your finger to make the bubbles rise towards the tip . then , slowly push the plunger until a small amount of liquid comes out of the needle . gently pinch the cleaned skin between your thumb and forefinger to make a fold . hold this skin fold during the entire injection . insert the full length of the needle into the skin fold at an angle as shown in the illustration . press the plunger down as far as it goes . pull out the needle at the same angle you inserted it . do not rub the injection site . step 13 - after administration immediately after the injection , move the needle safety shield over the needle , until it clicks into place . put the syringe with the needle in a disposal container . if you use more cablivi than you should an overdose is unlikely since one vial contains only a single dose . tell your doctor if you think you have had an overdose . if you forget to use cablivi if you miss a dose you should still take it if it is within 12 hours of the scheduled time . if more than 12 hours have passed since the dose should have been given , do not take the missed dose , but inject the next dose at the usual time . if you stop using cablivi to get the most benefit from your treatment , it is important to use cablivi as prescribed and for as long as your doctor tells you to use it . please talk to your doctor before you stop the treatment because stopping it too early can cause your condition to come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or the doctor treating your child has told you . you should check with your doctor , the doctor treating your child or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . only use izba in both eyes if your doctor told you to . use it for as long as your doctor or the doctor treating your child told you to . izba can be used in children from 3 years to < 18 years at the same dose as for adults . izba should only be used as an eye drop . 1 2 3 4 24 immediately before using a bottle for the first time , tear open the overwrap pouch , take the bottle out ( picture 1 ) and write the date of opening on the carton in the space provided . wash your hands . twist off the cap . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and fingers . tilt your head or your child ' s head gently back . pull down the eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and the eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 2 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . use a mirror if it helps . do not touch the eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of izba at a time . ( picture 3 ). after using izba , keep the eyelid closed , apply gentle pressure by pressing a finger into the corner of the eye , by the nose ( picture 4 ) for at least 1 minute . this helps to stop izba getting into the rest of the body . if you use drops in both eyes , repeat the steps for the other eye . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after use . only use one bottle at a time . do not open the pouch until you need to use the bottle . if a drop misses your eye , try again . if you or your child are using other eye preparations such as eye drop or eye ointment , wait for at least 5 minutes between putting in izba and the other eye preparations . if you or your child use more izba than you should rinse all the medicine out with warm water . don ' t put in any more drops until it ' s time for your next regular dose . if izba is swallowed , consult your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use izba continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . never use more than one drop in the affected eye ( s ) in a single day . if you stop using izba do not stop using izba without first speaking to your doctor or the doctor treating your child , the pressure in your eye or your child ' s eye will not be controlled which could lead to loss of sight . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , the doctor treating your child or pharmacist .
treatment with esperoct will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of people with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure about how to use esperoct . how esperoct is given 43 esperoct is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenously ), see " instructions on how to use esperoct " for more information . how much to use your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this will depend on your body weight and whether it is used to prevent or to treat a bleeding . to prevent bleeding adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and above ): the recommended starting dose is 50 iu of esperoct per kg body weight every 4 days . your doctor may choose another dose or how often the injections should be given , based on your need . to treat bleeding the dose of esperoct is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you experience that the effect of esperoct is insufficient , talk to your doctor . use in children and adolescents adolescents ( 12 years of age and above ) can use the same dose as adults . if you use more esperoct than you should if you use more esperoct than you should , contact your doctor straight away . if you have to significantly increase your usage of esperoct to stop a bleed , talk to your doctor immediately . for further information , see " development of ' fviii inhibitors ' ( antibodies )" in section 2 . if you forget to use esperoct if you forget a dose , inject the missed dose as soon as you remember . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . proceed with the next injection as scheduled and continue as advised by your doctor . if you are in doubt , contact your doctor . if you stop using esperoct do not stop using esperoct without talking to your doctor . if you stop using esperoct , you may no longer be protected against bleeding or a current bleed may not stop . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual recommended dose is : one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking ristaben . if you take more ristaben than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ristaben if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking ristaben continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you will get zinplava as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . you will get zinplava in one dose and it will take about 1 hour . your dose will be calculated using your body weight . you should keep taking your antibiotic for cdi as directed by your doctor . if you miss an appointment to get zinplava call your doctor or health care professional right away to reschedule your appointment . it is very important that you do not miss the dose of this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
treatment with nuwiq will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . nuwiq is usually injected into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or a nurse who are experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . you or someone else might also give your nuwiq injection , but only after receiving adequate training . your doctor will calculate your dose of nuwiq ( in international units = iu ) depending on your condition and body weight , and on whether it is used for prevention or treatment of bleeding . how often you need an injection will depend on how well nuwiq is working for you . usually , treatment for haemophilia a is a life - long treatment . prevention of bleeding the usual dose of nuwiq is 20 to 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 3 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . treatment of bleeding the dose of nuwiq is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is insufficient , talk to your doctor . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels . this is particularly important if you are having major surgery . patients developing factor viii inhibitors if your plasma factor viii fails to reach expected levels with nuwiq , or if bleeding is not adequately controlled , it could be due to the development of factor viii inhibitors . this will be checked by your doctor . you might need a higher dose of nuwiq or a different product to control bleedings . do not increase the total dose of nuwiq to control your bleeding without consulting your doctor . use in children and adolescents the way nuwiq is used in children and adolescents does not differ from the way it is used in adults . because factor viii products may have to be given more often in children and adolescents , a central venous access device ( cvad ) may need to be fitted . a cvad is an external connector that allows access to the bloodstream through a catheter without injection through the skin . if you use more nuwiq than you should no symptoms of overdose have been reported . if you have injected more nuwiq than you should , please inform your doctor . if you forget to use nuwiq do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . proceed with the next dose immediately and continue as advised by your doctor . if you stop using nuwiq do not stop using nuwiq without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . always take your bronchodilator before using bronchitol . how much to use adults 18 years of age and over initiation dose before you are prescribed bronchitol your doctor will help you take your first dose of bronchitol and test your lung function at each step to make sure you aren ' t sensitive to mannitol . the first dose is taken in 4 steps :- step 1 1 capsule ( 40 mg ) step 2 2 capsules ( 80 mg ) step 3 3 capsules ( 120 mg ) step 4 4 capsules ( 160 mg ) 28 at the end of the initiation dose you will have taken 10 capsules ( 400 mg ) which is the same as the usual dose . treatment dose ( 2 - week packs ) - you must use bronchitol every day . - the usual dose is 10 capsules ( 400 mg ) inhaled in the morning , and 10 capsules inhaled in the evening . - have the evening dose at least 2 to 3 hours before you go to bed . - for the best results , inhale each capsule one after another , so there is as little delay as possible between capsules . order of using this medicine use bronchitol as part of your normal daily treatment routine . the suggested order is as follows , unless otherwise advised by your doctor : 1 . use your bronchodilator ; 2 . wait 5 to 15 minutes ; 3 . use your bronchitol before physiotherapy if this is part of your treatment routine . 4 . dornase alfa ( pulmozyme ) if this is part of your treatment routine 5 . inhaled antibiotics if this is part of your treatment routine how to use your medicine - bronchitol is breathed in ( inhaled ) as a powder from the capsule using the inhaler supplied in the pack . it is for inhalation use only and must not be administered by any other route . the capsules must not be swallowed . - the powder in the capsules must only be inhaled using the inhaler included in the pack . - use a new inhaler each week . - each of the ten capsules is put into the inhaler one at a time . - inhale the contents of the capsule using the inhaler , with one or two breaths in . for instructions on how to use the inhaler , see the end of the leaflet . if you use more bronchitol than you should if you think you have used too much medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may : - feel that you cannot breathe ; - become wheezy ; - cough a lot . the doctor may give you oxygen and medicines to help you breathe . if you forget to use bronchitol - if you forget a dose , use it as soon as you remember it and carry on as usual . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using bronchitol if you stop using bronchitol your symptoms may get worse . do not stop using your bronchitol without talking to your doctor first , even if you feel better . your doctor will tell you how long to use this medicine for . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
veklury will be given to you by a nurse or doctor , as a drip into a vein ( an intravenous infusion ) lasting 30 to 120 minutes , once a day . you will be closely monitored during your treatment . the recommended dose is : a single starting dose of 200 mg on day 1 then daily doses of 100 mg starting on day 2 . you will be given veklury every day for at least 5 days . your doctor may extend the treatment up to a total of 10 days . see the instructions for healthcare professionals which give details on how the veklury infusion is given . if you are given more or less veklury than you should be as veklury is only given to you by a healthcare provider , it is unlikely that you will be given too much or too little . if you have been given an extra dose , or missed one , tell your nurse or doctor straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take vargatef on the same day as your chemotherapy treatment with docetaxel . swallow the capsules whole with water and do not chew or crush them . it is recommended to take the capsules with food , i . e . during or immediately before or after a meal . the recommended dose is four capsules per day ( this is a total of 400 mg nintedanib per day ). do not take more than this dose . this daily dose should be split into two doses of two capsules about 12 hours apart , for example two capsules in the morning and two capsules in the evening . these two doses should be taken at around the same time each day . taking the medicine this way ensures that a steady amount of nintedanib is maintained in the body . dose reduction if you cannot tolerate the recommended dose of 400 mg per day because of side effects ( see section 4 ), your doctor may reduce the daily dose of vargatef . do not reduce the dose or stop the treatment yourself without consulting your doctor first . your doctor may reduce your recommended dose to 300 mg per day ( two capsules of 150 mg ). in this case your doctor will prescribe vargatef 150 mg soft capsules for your treatment . if necessary , your doctor may further reduce your daily dose to 200 mg per day ( two capsules of 100 mg ). you will be prescribed the appropriate capsule strength by your doctor if this happens . in both cases , you should take one capsule of the appropriate strength twice daily approximately 12 hours apart with food ( for example in the morning and in the evening ) at about the same time of the day . in case your doctor has stopped your chemotherapy with docetaxel you should continue to take vargatef twice daily . if you take more vargatef than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take vargatef do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your next dose of vargatef as planned at the next scheduled time and at the dose recommended by your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking vargatef do not stop taking vargatef without consulting your doctor first . it is important to take this medicine every day , as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you do not take this medicine as prescribed by your doctor , this cancer treatment may not work properly . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may subsequently increase or decrease your dose depending on how you tolerate treatment with inlyta . swallow the tablets whole with water , with or without food . take the inlyta doses approximately 12 hours apart . if you take more inlyta than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets or a higher dose than you need , contact a doctor for advice right away . if possible , show the doctor the pack , or this leaflet . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take inlyta take your next dose at your regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten tablets . if you vomit while taking inlyta if you vomit , an additional dose should not be taken . the next prescribed dose should be taken at the usual time . if you stop taking inlyta if you are not able to take this medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor right away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . using this medicine this medicine is only for injection just under the skin of your belly ( subcutaneous ). to reduce skin irritation , select a different part of your belly each day . your doctor must supervise your first injection . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and inject the medicine . you can carry out the following injections yourself as long as your doctor has made you aware of the symptoms that may indicate allergy and of the possibly serious or life - threatening consequences that would need immediate treatment ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). please carefully read and follow the instructions at the end of this leaflet called ' how to mix and inject cetrotide '. you start by using another medicine on day 1 of your treatment cycle . you then start using cetrotide a few days later . ( see next section ' how much to use '). how much to use inject the contents of one vial ( 0 . 25 mg cetrotide ) once each day . it is best to use the medicine at the same time each day , leaving 24 hours between each dose . you can choose to inject every morning or every evening . if you are injecting every morning : start your injections on day 5 or 6 of the treatment cycle . based on your ovarian response , your doctor may decide to start on another day . your doctor will tell you the exact date and time . you will keep using this medicine up until and including the morning that your eggs are collected ( ovulation induction ). or if you are injecting every evening : start your injections on day 5 of the treatment cycle . based on your ovarian response , your doctor may decide to start on another day . your doctor will tell you the exact date and time . you will keep using this medicine up until and including the evening before your eggs are collected ( ovulation induction ). if you use more cetrotide than you should bad effects are not expected if you accidentally inject more of this medicine than you should . the effect of the medicine will last for longer . no specific measures are usually required . if you forget to use cetrotide if you forget a dose , inject it as soon as you remember and talk to your doctor . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
all ozurdex injections will be given by an appropriately qualified eye doctor . the recommended dose is one implant to be given by injection into your eye . if the effect of this injection wears off and your doctor recommends it , another implant may then be injected into your eye . your doctor will ask you to use antibiotic eye drops daily for 3 days before and after each injection to prevent any eye infection . please follow these instructions carefully . on the day of the injection , your doctor may use antibiotic eye drops to prevent infection . before the injection , your doctor will clean your eye and eyelid . your doctor will also give you a local anaesthetic to reduce or prevent any pain you might have with the injection . you may hear a ' click ' during the injection of ozurdex ; this is normal . detailed instructions for your doctor on how to carry out the ozurdex injection are provided in the medicine carton . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
dose always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . based on your life - style and the results of your blood sugar ( glucose ) tests and your previous insulin usage , your doctor will determine how much apidra you will need . apidra is a short - acting insulin . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with an intermediate , long - acting insulin , a basal insulin or with tablets used to treat high blood sugar levels . if you switch from another insulin to insulin glulisine , your dosage may have to be adjusted by your doctor . many factors may influence your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . method of administration apidra is injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). it may also be given intravenously by healthcare professionals under close supervision by a doctor . your doctor will show you in which area of the skin you should inject apidra . apidra can be injected in the abdominal wall , the thigh or upper arm or by continuous infusion in the abdominal wall . the effect will be slightly quicker if the insulin is injected into your abdomen . as for all insulins , injection sites and infusion sites within an - injection area ( abdomen , thigh or upper arm ) must be rotated from one injection to the next . frequency of administration apidra should be taken shortly ( 0 - 15 minutes ) before or soon after meals . instructions for proper use how to handle the vials apidra vials are for use with insulin syringes with the corresponding unit scale and for use with an insulin pump system . look at the vial before you use it . only use it if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not shake or mix it before use . always use a new vial if you notice that your blood sugar control is unexpectedly getting worse . this is because the insulin may have lost some of its effectiveness . if you think you may have a problem with apidra , have it checked by your doctor or pharmacist . if you have to mix two types of insulin apidra must not be mixed with any preparation other than nph human insulin . if apidra is mixed with nph human insulin , apidra should be drawn into the syringe first . injection should be given immediately after mixing . how to handle an infusion pump system before using apidra in the pump system you should have been given detailed instructions on how to use the pump system . in addition , you should have been provided with information about what to do if you become ill or if your blood sugar levels get too high or too low , or if the pump system fails . use the pump system recommended by your doctor . read and follow the instructions that come with your insulin infusion pump . follow your doctor ' s instructions about the basal infusion rate and the mealtime insulin boluses to be taken . measure your blood sugar level regularly to make sure you get the benefit of the insulin infusion and to make sure that the pump is working properly . change the infusion set and reservoir at least every 48 hours using aseptic technique . these instructions may differ from the instructions that come with your insulin infusion pump . when you use apidra in the pump system , it is important that you always follow these specific instructions . failure to follow these specific instructions may lead to serious adverse events . apidra must never be mixed with diluents or any other insulin when used in a pump . what to do if the pump system fails or when the pump is used incorrectly pump or infusion set problems or using the pump incorrectly can result in you not getting enough insulin . this can quickly cause you to have high blood sugar and diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if your blood sugar level starts to rise , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . they will tell you what needs to be done . you may need to use apidra with syringes or pens . you should always have an alternative insulin delivery system available for injection under the skin in case the pump system fails . if you use more apidra than you should - if you have injected too much apidra , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hypoglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of hypoglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use apidra - if you have missed a dose of apidra or if you have not injected enough insulin , your blood sugar level may become too high ( hyperglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . for information on the treatment of hyperglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using apidra this could lead to severe hyperglycaemia ( very high blood sugar ) and ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). do not stop apidra without speaking to a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . insulin mix - ups you must always check the insulin label before each injection to avoid mix - ups between apidra and other insulins .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the dose of instanyl is independent of your usual cancer pain treatment . when you first start using instanyl , your doctor will work with you to find the dose that will relieve your breakthrough pain . the initial dose is one puff of 50 micrograms in one nostril each time you have an episode of breakthrough pain . during the determination of your right dose , your doctor may instruct you to change to a higher dose . if your breakthrough pain is not relieved after 10 minutes , you may use only one puff more for this episode . generally you should wait 4 hours before treating another episode of breakthrough pain . on exceptional occasions where a new episode occurs earlier , you can use instanyl to treat it but you must wait at least 2 hours before doing so . if you regularly have breakthrough pain episodes that are less than 4 hours apart , contact your doctor as your usual cancer pain treatment may have to be changed . you can use instanyl to treat up to four episodes of breakthrough pain per day . if you experience more than four episodes of breakthrough pain per day , contact your doctor , as your usual cancer pain treatment may have to be changed . in order to keep track of the number of doses of instanyl used , you should use the tick - boxes in the booklet placed on top of the child - resistant outer box . do not change the dose of instanyl or your other pain medicines on your own . change in dose must be done together with your doctor . instanyl is for nasal use . please read the instruction for use at the end of this leaflet to learn how to use instanyl . if you use more instanyl than you should or if you think someone has accidentally used instanyl you should contact your doctor , hospital or emergency room for assessment of the risk and for advice if you have taken more instanyl than you should . symptoms of overdose are : sleepiness , drowiness , dizziness , reduced body temperature , slow heart beat , difficulties coordinating arms and legs . in serious cases taking too much instanyl may cause coma , sedation , convulsions or severe breathing difficulties ( very slow or shallow breathing ). if you feel any of the above symptoms you should seek immediate medical assistance . note to carers if you see the person taking instanyl suddenly acting slowly , having difficulties breathing or if you have difficulties waking the person up : - you should immediately call for emergency help . - while waiting for the emergency help , you must try to keep the person awake by talking to or gently shaking the person every now and then . - if the person has difficulty breathing , you should prompt the person to breathe in every 5 - 10 seconds . - if the person has stopped breathing , you should attempt to resuscitate her / him until emergency help arrives . if you think someone has accidentally taken instanyl , please seek immediate medical assistance . try to keep the person awake until emergency help arrives . if someone has accidentally taken instanyl , they may have the same symptoms as described above for overdose . if you forget to use instanyl if the breakthrough pain is still ongoing , you may take instanyl as prescribed by your doctor . if the breakthrough pain has stopped , do not take instanyl until the next episode of breakthrough pain occurs . if you stop using instanyl you should discontinue instanyl when you no longer have any breakthrough pain . you should however continue to take your usual pain relieving medicine to treat your cancer pain . contact your doctor to confirm the correct dose of your usual medicine if you are not sure . you may experience withdrawal symptoms similar to the possible side effects of instanyl when discontinuing instanyl . if you experience withdrawal symptoms , you should contact your doctor . your doctor will evaluate if you need medicine to reduce or eliminate the withdrawal symptoms . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of imprida hct is one tablet per day . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day . morning is the best time . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take imprida hct with or without food . do not take imprida hct with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . if you take more imprida hct than you should if you have accidentally taken too many imprida hct tablets , talk to a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take imprida hct if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember and then take the next dose at its usual time . if it is almost time for your next dose you should simply take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two tablets at once ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking imprida hct stopping your treatment with imprida hct may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your medecine unless your doctor tells you to . always take this medicine , even if you are feeling well people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many feel normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have any further questions on the use of this product ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take tobi podhaler exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . caregivers should provide assistance to children starting tobi podhaler treatment , particularly those aged 10 years or younger , and should continue to supervise them until they are able to use the podhaler device properly without help . how much tobi podhaler to take inhale the content of 4 capsules twice a day ( 4 capsules in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening ), using the podhaler device . the dose is the same for everyone aged 6 years and older . do not exceed the recommended dose . when to take tobi podhaler taking your capsules at the same time each day will help you remember when to take them . inhale the content of 4 capsules twice a day as follows : 4 capsules in the morning to be inhaled using the podhaler device . 4 capsules in the evening to be inhaled using the podhaler device . it is best to leave close to 12 hours between doses , but this must be at least 6 hours if you are taking several different inhaled treatments and following other therapies for cystic fibrosis , you should take tobi podhaler after all of these are done . please check the order of medications with your doctor . how to take tobi podhaler for inhalation use only . do not swallow the capsules only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack . the capsules should remain in the capsule card until you need to use them . when you start a new weekly pack of capsules , use the new inhaler that is supplied in the pack . each inhaler is only used for 7 days . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information about how to use the inhaler . how long to take tobi podhaler after you have taken tobi podhaler for 28 days , you then have a 28 - day break , during which you do not inhale any tobi podhaler . you then start another course . it is important that you keep using the product twice each day during your 28 days on treatment and that you keep to the 28 - day on , 28 - day off cycle . on tobi podhaler off tobi podhaler take tobi podhaler twice a day , every day for 28 days do not take any tobi podhaler for the next 28 days repeat cycle continue taking tobi podhaler as your doctor tells you . if you have questions about how long to take tobi podhaler for , talk to your doctor or your pharmacist . if you take more tobi podhaler than you should if you inhale too much tobi podhaler , tell your doctor as soon as possible . if tobi podhaler is swallowed , don ' t worry but tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take tobi podhaler if you forget to take tobi podhaler and there are at least 6 hours to your next dose , take your dose as soon as you can . otherwise , wait for your next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tadalafil lilly tablets are for oral use in men only . swallow the tablet whole with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet taken once a day at approximately the same time of the day . your doctor may adjust the dose to 2 . 5 mg based on your response to tadalafil lilly . this will be given as a 2 . 5 mg tablet . do not take tadalafil lilly more than once a day . once a day dosing of tadalafil lilly may be useful to men who anticipate having sexual activity two or more times per week . when taken once a day tadalafil lilly allows you to obtain an erection , when sexually stimulated , at any time point during the 24 hours of the day . it is important to note that tadalafil lilly does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . drinking alcohol may affect your ability to get an erection and may temporarily lower your blood pressure . if you have taken or are planning to take tadalafil lilly , avoid excessive drinking ( blood alcohol level of 0 . 08 % or greater ), since this may increase the risk of dizziness when standing up . if you take more tadalafil lilly than you should contact your doctor . you may experience side effects described in section 4 . if you forget to take tadalafil lilly take your dose as soon as you remember but do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . you should not take tadalafil lilly more than once a day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . it is important that you only use the syringe provided in the box when preparing doses of xyrem . the xyrem syringe has two different measurement scales , one scale may be more helpful for you than the other depending on which dose your doctor has prescribed . by looking at each scale you will see which one provides the exact mark for your dose . adults taking xyrem on its own for adults the recommended starting dose is 4 . 5 g each day , given as two seperate doses of 2 . 25 g . your doctor may gradually increase your dose up to a maximum of 9 g each day given as two separate doses of 4 . 5 g . take xyrem orally two times each night : - take the first dose upon getting into bed and the second dose 2½ to 4 hours later . you may need to set an alarm clock to make sure you wake up to take the second dose . - food decreases the amount of xyrem that is absorbed by your body . therefore , it is best to take xyrem at set times 2 to 3 hours after a meal . - prepare both doses before bedtime . - take doses within 24 hours after preparation . adolescents and children aged 7 years and over who weigh 15 kg or more - taking xyrem on its own for those aged 7 years and over who weigh 15 kg or more , a doctor will work out the right dose based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . do not exceed the dose prescribed for you . adults - taking xyrem with valproate if you are taking valproate together with xyrem , the dose of xyrem will be adapted by your doctor . for adults the recommended starting dose for xyrem , when used together with valproate , is 3 . 6 g each day , given as two separate doses of 1 . 8 g . take the first dose when getting into bed and the second dose 2½ to 4 hours later . adolescents and children aged 7 years and older who weigh 15 kg or more - taking xyrem with valproate if you are taking valproate together with xyrem , the dose of xyrem will be adapted by your doctor . kidney or liver problems if you have kidney problems , you should consider a dietary recommendation to reduce sodium ( salt ) intake . if you have liver problems , the starting dose should be halved . your doctor may gradually increase your dose . instructions on how to dilute xyrem the following instructions explain how to prepare xyrem . please read the instructions carefully and follow them step by step . do not allow children to prepare xyrem . to help you , the xyrem carton contains 1 bottle of medicine , a measuring syringe ( with two different measurement scales ) and two dosing cups with child - resistant caps . step 1 remove the bottle cap by pushing down while turning the cap anticlockwise ( to the left ). after removing the cap , set the bottle upright on a table - top . there is a plastic covered foil seal on the top of the bottle , which must be removed before using the bottle for the first time . while holding the bottle in its upright position , insert the press - in - bottle - adaptor into the neck of the bottle . this needs only to be done the first time that the bottle is opened . the adaptor can then be left in the bottle for all subsequent uses 32 step 2 next , insert the tip of the measuring syringe into the centre opening of the bottle and press down firmly while holding the bottle and syringe with one hand , draw up the prescribed dose with the other hand by pulling on the plunger . note : medicine will not flow into the syringe unless you keep the bottle in its upright position step 3 remove the syringe from the centre opening of the bottle . empty the medicine from the syringe into one of the dosing cups provided by pushing on the plunger repeat this step for the second dosing cup . then add about 60 ml of water to each dosing cup ( 60 ml is about 4 tablespoons ). step 4 place the caps provided on the dosing cups and turn each cap clockwise ( to the right ) until it clicks and locks into its child - resistant position rinse out the syringe with water . just before going to sleep : - adult patients should place the second dose near their bed . - the parent or caregiver of adolescents and children aged 7 years and over should not leave the second dose near the child ' s bed or within easy reach of the child . - you may need to set an alarm so you wake up to take your second dose no earlier than 2½ hours and no later than 4 hours after your first dose . then : o remove the cap from the first dosing cup by pressing down on the child - resistant locking tab and turning the cap anticlockwise ( to the left ). o drink all of the first dose while sitting in bed , recap the cup , and then lie down right away . for children who sleep longer than 8 hours but less than 12 hours , the first dose may be given after the child has been sleeping for 1 to 2 hours . - when you wake up or wake up the child 2 ½ to 4 hours later , remove the cap from the second dosing cup . while sitting in bed , drink all of the second dose right before lying down to continue sleeping . recap the second cup . if you have the impression that the effect of xyrem is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more xyrem than you should symptoms of xyrem overdose may include agitation , confusion , impaired movement , impaired breathing , blurred vision , profuse sweating , headache , vomiting , decreased consciousness leading to coma and seizures , excessive thirst , muscle cramps and weakness . if you take more xyrem than you were told to take , or take it by accident , get emergency medical help right away . you should take the labelled medicine bottle with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to take xyrem if you forget to take the first dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue as before . if you miss the second dose , skip that dose and do not take xyrem again until the next night . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if unsure if you took xyrem if in doubt about administration of a dose , do not re - administer the dose to reduce the risk of overdose if you stop taking xyrem you should continue to take xyrem for as long as instructed by your doctor . you may find that your cataplexy attacks return if your medicine is stopped and you may experience insomnia , headache , anxiety , dizziness , sleeping problems , sleepiness , hallucination and abnormal thinking . if you stop taking xyrem for more than 14 consecutive days , you should consult your doctor as you should restart taking xyrem at a reduced dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . capecitabine sun tablets should be swallowed whole with water , and within 30 minutes of a meal . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine sun is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 1 . 7 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . capecitabine sun tablets are usually taken for 14 days followed by a 7 day rest period ( when no tablets are taken ). this 21 day period is one treatment cycle . in combination with other medicines the usual dose for adults may be less than 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area , and you may need to take the tablets over a different time period ( e . g . every day , with no rest period ). your doctor will tell you what dose you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may want you to take a combination of 150 mg and 500 mg tablets for each dose . - take the tablets in the morning and evening as prescribed by your doctor . - take the tablets within 30 minutes after the end of a meal ( breakfast and dinner ). - it is important that you take all your medicines as prescribed by your doctor . if you take more capecitabine sun than you should contact your doctor as soon as possible before taking the next dose . you might get the following side effects if you take a lot more capecitabine than you should : feeling or being sick , diarrhoea , inflammation or ulceration of the gut or mouth , pain or bleeding from the intestine or stomach , or bone marrow depression ( reduction in certain kinds of blood cells ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . if you forget to take capecitabine sun do not take the missed dose at all and do not double the next one . instead , continue your regular dosing schedule and check with your doctor . if you stop taking capecitabine sun there are no side - effects caused by stopping treatment with capecitabine sun . in case you are using coumarin anticoagulants ( containing e . g . phenprocoumon ), stopping capecitabine sun might require that your doctor adjusts your anticoagulant dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage for type 1 gaucher disease : for adults , the usual dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 12 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 600 mg ). for children less than 12 years old , your doctor will adjust the dose for niemann - pick type c disease . if you have a problem with your kidneys you may receive a lower starting dose . your doctor may reduce your dose , e . g ., to one capsule ( 100 mg ) once or twice a day , if you suffer from diarrhoea when taking yargesa ( see section 4 ). your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . to remove the capsule : 1 . separate at perforations 2 . peel back paper at arrows 3 push product through foil yargesa can be taken with or without food . you should swallow the whole capsule with a glass of water . if you take more yargesa than you should if you take more capsules than you were told to , consult your doctor immediately . miglustat has been used in clinical trials at doses ten times higher than the recommended dose : this caused decreases in white blood cells and other side effects similar to those described in section 4 . if you forget to take yargesa take the next capsule at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yargesa do not stop taking yargesa without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the surgeon will apply evarrest during your operation . it is applied by pressing firmly onto bleeding tissue for approximately 3 minutes . evarrest is activated upon contact with blood or other fluid and will stick firmly to the tissue . it is left in place and is absorbed by the body in approximately 8 weeks . evarrest can be cut to the size and shape required to fit the size of the bleeding area . the amount of evarrest that will be applied depends on the surface area and location of the bleeding site to be treated during the operation . evarrest should only be used in a single layer . up to the equivalent of two 10 . 2 cm x 10 . 2 cm units or four 5 . 1 cm x 10 . 2 cm units should be used if needed to cover the entire bleeding area , with an overlap of approximately 1 to 2 cm . if bleeding still occurs , the evarrest sealant matrix can be removed , and a new one can be applied . the total amount of evarrest left in the body after the operation should not exceed the size of two 10 . 2 cm x 10 . 2 cm sealant matrices or four 5 . 1 cm x 10 . 2 cm sealant matrices .
the recommended dose of xigris is 24 micrograms ( μg ) per kilogram ( kg ) of body weight each hour for 96 hours . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have dissolved the xigris powder in water for injection and sodium chloride solution . this liquid is then passed from a bag through a tube into one of your veins for a period of 96 hours .
how gazyvaro is given gazyvaro is given under the supervision of a doctor experienced in such treatment . it is given into a vein as a drip ( intravenous infusion ) over several hours . the gazyvaro treatment chronic lymphocytic leukaemia you will be given 6 treatment cycles of gazyvaro in combination with another medicine for cancer called chlorambucil . each cycle lasts 28 days . on day 1 of your first cycle , you will be given part of your first gazyvaro dose of 100 milligrams ( mg ) very slowly . your doctor / nurse will monitor you carefully for infusion related reactions . if you do not have an infusion related reaction following the small part of your first dose , you may be given the rest of your first dose ( 900 mg ) on the same day . if you do have an infusion related reaction following the small part of your first dose , you will be given the rest of your first dose on day 2 . a typical schedule is shown below . cycle 1 - this will include three doses of gazyvaro in the 28 days : day 1 part of your first dose ( 100 mg ) day 2 or day 1 ( continued ) remainder of first dose 900 mg day 8 full dose ( 1 , 000 mg ) day 15 full dose ( 1 , 000 mg ) cycles 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 this will be just one dose of gazyvaro in the 28 days : day 1 full dose ( 1 , 000 mg ). follicular lymphoma you will be given 6 or 8 treatment cycles of gazyvaro in combination with other medicines for cancer - each cycle lasts 28 or 21 days depending on which other cancer medicines are given together with gazyvaro . this induction phase will be followed by a " maintenance phase " - during this time you will be given gazyvaro every 2 months for up to 2 years as long as your disease does not progress . based on your disease status after the initial treatment cycles your doctor will decide whether you will receive treatment in the maintenance phase . a typical schedule is shown below . induction phase cycle 1 - this will include three doses of gazyvaro in the 28 or 21 days depending on which other cancer medicines are given together with gazyvaro : day 1 - full dose ( 1 , 000 mg ) day 8 - full dose ( 1 , 000 mg ) day 15 - full dose ( 1 , 000 mg ). cycles 2 - 6 or 2 - 8 - this will be just one dose of gazyvaro in the 28 or 21 days depending on which other cancer medicines are given together with gazyvaro : day 1 - full dose ( 1 , 000 mg ). maintenance phase full dose ( 1 , 000 mg ) once every 2 months for up to 2 years as long as your disease does not progress . medicines given before each infusion before each infusion of gazyvaro , you will be given medicines to lessen the chance of getting infusion related reactions or tumour lysis syndrome . these may include : fluids medicines to reduce a fever medicines to reduce pain ( analgesics ) medicines to reduce inflammation ( corticosteroids ) medicines to reduce an allergic reaction ( anti - histamines ) 48 medicine to prevent tumour lysis syndrome ( such as allopurinol ). if you miss a gazyvaro treatment if you miss your appointment , make another one as soon as possible . this is because for this medicine to be as effective as possible , it is important to follow the dosing schedule . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor has defined your daily dose based on your weight and individual characteristics . please follow these recommendations closely as they will give you the best chance to delay development of a resistance to the medicinal product . do not change the dose on your own . continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . for adults whose body weight is 30 kg or more , the usual starting dose is 30 or 40 mg given twice daily ( with approximately 12 hours between each dose ). to obtain optimal absorption , the capsules should be swallowed with a glass of water , preferentially at least one hour before a meal and on an empty stomach . if this is not possible , zerit may also be taken with a light meal . if you have problems swallowing capsules you should ask your doctor about the possibility of changing to the solution form of this medicine or you could carefully open the capsule and mix its contents with some food . use in children for children whose body weight is 30 kg or more , the usual starting dose is 30 or 40 mg given twice daily ( with approximately 12 hours between each dose ). children older than 3 months , whose body weight is less than 30 kg , should receive 1 mg / kg twice daily . if you take more zerit than you should if you have taken too many capsules or if someone accidentally swallows some , there is no immediate danger . however , you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital for advice . if you forget to take zerit if you accidentally miss a dose , then simply take your normal dose when the next one is due . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking zerit the decision to stop using zerit should be discussed with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . approved 1 . 0v 61
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . entacapone teva is taken together with medicines containing levodopa ( either levodopa / carbidopa preparations or levodopa / benserazide preparations ). you may also use other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease at the same time . the recommended dose of entacapone teva is one 200 mg tablet with each levodopa dose . the maximum recommended dose is 10 tablets per day , i . e . 2 , 000 mg of entacapone teva . if you are receiving dialysis for renal insufficiency , your doctor may tell you to increase the time between doses . use in children and adolescents experience with entacapone teva in patients under 18 years is limited . therefore , the use of entacapone teva in children cannot be recommended . if you take more entacapone teva than you should in the event of an overdose , consult your doctor , pharmacist or the nearest hospital immediately . if you forget to take entacapone teva if you forget to take the entacapone teva tablet with your levodopa dose , you should continue the treatment by taking the next entacapone teva tablet with your next levodopa dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking entacapone teva do not stop taking entacapone teva unless your doctor tells you to . when stopping your doctor may need to re - adjust the dosage of your other medicines to treat parkinson ´ s disease . suddenly stopping entacapone teva and other medicines to treat parkinson ´ s disease may result in unwanted side effects . see section 2 warnings and precautions . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
lenalidomide accord must be given to you by healthcare professionals with experience in treating multiple myeloma or fl . when lenalidomide is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who cannot have a bone marrow transplant or have had other treatments before , it is taken with other medicines ( see section 1 ' what lenalidomide is used for '). when lenalidomide is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant , it is taken alone . when lenalidomide is used to treat follicular lymphoma , it is taken with another medicine called ' rituximab '. always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you are taking lenalidomide in combination with other medicines , you should refer to the package leaflets for these medicines for further information on their use and effects . treatment cycle lenalidomide is taken on certain days over 3 weeks ( 21 days ). every 21 days is called a ' treatment cycle '. depending on the day of the cycle , you will take one or more of the medicines . however , on some days you do not take any of the medicines . after completing every 21 - day cycle , you should start a new ' cycle ' over the next 21 days . or lenalidomide is taken on certain days over 4 weeks ( 28 days ). each 28 day is called a ' treatment cycle '. depending on the day of the cycle , you will take one or more of the medicines . however , on some days you do not take any of the medicines . after completing each 28 - day cycle , you should start a new ' cycle ' over the next 28 days . how much lenalidomide to take before you start treatment , your doctor will tell you : how much lenalidomide you should take how much of the other medicines you should take in combination with lenalidomide , if any on what days of your treatment cycle to take each medicine . how and when to take lenalidomide swallow the capsules whole , preferably with water . do not break , open or chew the capsules . if powder from a broken lenalidomide capsule makes contact with the skin , wash the skin immediately and thoroughly with soap and water . the capsules can be taken either with or without food . you should take lenalidomide at about the same time on the scheduled days . taking this medicine to remove the capsule from the blister : 85 press only one end of the capsule out to push it through the foil do not put pressure on the center of the capsule , as this can cause it to break . duration of the treatment with lenalidomide lenalidomide is taken in treatment cycles , each cycle lasting 21 or 28 days ( see above ' treatment cycle '). you should continue the cycles of treatment until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more lenalidomide than you should if you take more lenalidomide than was prescribed , tell your doctor immediately . if you forget to take lenalidomideif you forget to take lenalidomide at your regular time and less than 12 hours have passed - take your capsule immediately . more than 12 hours have passed - do not take your capsule . take your next capsule at the usual time the next day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . taking lacosamide accord take lacosamide accord twice each day - once in the morning and once in the evening . try to take it at about the same time each day . swallow the lacosamide accord tablet with a glass of water . you may take lacosamide accord with or without food . you will usually start by taking a low dose each day and your doctor will slowly increase this over a number of weeks . when you reach the dose that works for you , this is called the " maintenance dose ", you then take the same amount each day . lacosamide accord is used as a long term treatment . you should continue to take lacosamide accord until your doctor tells you to stop . how much to take listed below are the normal recommended doses of lacosamide accord for different age groups and weights . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have problems with your kidneys or with your liver . adolescents and children weighing 50 kg or more and adults when you take lacosamide accord on its own the usual starting dose of lacosamide accord is 50 mg twice a day . your doctor may also prescribe a starting dose of 100 mg of lacosamide accord twice a day . your doctor may increase your twice daily dose every week by 50 mg . this will be until you reach a maintenance dose between 100 mg and 300 mg twice a day . when you take lacosamide accord with other antiepileptic medicines the usual starting dose of lacosamide accord is 50 mg twice a day . your doctor may increase your twice daily dose every week by 50 mg . this will be until you reach a maintenance dose between 100 mg and 200 mg twice a day . if you weigh 50 kg or more , your doctor may decide to start lacosamide accord treatment with a single " loading " dose of 200 mg . you would then start your ongoing maintenance dose 12 hours later . children and adolescent weighing less than 50 kg the dose depends on their body weight . they usually start treatment with the syrup and only change to 71 tablets if they are able to take tablets and get the correct dose with the different tablet strengths . the doctor will prescribe the formulation that is best suited to them . if you take more lacosamide accord than you should if you have taken more lacosamide accord than you should , contact your doctor immediately . do not try to drive . you may experience : dizziness ; feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ); fits ( seizures ), heart beat problems such a slow , fast or irregular heart beat , coma or a fall in blood pressure with rapid heartbeat and sweating . if you forget to take lacosamide accord if you have missed a dose within the first 6 hours of the scheduled dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you have missed a dose beyond the first 6 hours of the scheduled dose , do not take the missed tablet anymore . instead take lacosamide accord at the next time that you would normally take it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lacosamide accord do not stop taking lacosamide accord without talking to your doctor , as your epilepsy may come back again or become worse . if your doctor decides to stop your treatment with lacosamide accord , they will tell you how to decrease the dose step by step . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the recommended dose of nexavar in adults is 2 x 200 mg tablets , twice daily . this is equivalent to a daily dose of 800 mg or four tablets a day . swallow nexavar tablets with a glass of water , either without food or with a low - fat or moderate fat meal . do not take this medicine with high fat meals , as this may make nexavar less effective . if you intend to have a high fat meal , take the tablets at least 1 hour before or 2 hours after the meal . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . it is important to take this medicine at about the same times each day , so that there is a steady amount in the bloodstream . you will usually carry on taking this medicine as long as you are getting clinical benefits , and not suffering unacceptable side effects . if you take more nexavar than you should tell your doctor straight away if you ( or anyone else ) have taken more than your prescribed dose . taking too much nexavar makes side effects more likely or more severe , especially diarrhoea and skin reactions . your doctor may tell you to stop taking this medicine . if you forget to take nexavar if you have missed a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is nearly time for the next dose , forget about the missed one and carry on as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses .
always take trudexa exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . trudexa is injected under the skin ( subcutaneous use ). the usual dose for adults with rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis is 40 mg adalimumab given every other week as a single dose . the usual dose regimen for crohn ' s disease is 80 mg at week 0 and followed by 40 mg every other week starting at week 2 . in cases where a more rapid response is required your doctor may prescribe a dose of 160 mg at week 0 ( as 4 injections in one day or 2 injections per day for two consecutive days ), 80 mg ( 2 injections ) at week 2 , and thereafter as 40 mg ( 1 injection ) every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 40 mg every week . you should continue to inject trudexa for as long as your doctor has told you . in rheumatoid arthritis , methotrexate is continued while using trudexa . if your doctor determines that methotrexate is inappropriate , trudexa can be given alone . if you have rheumatoid arthritis and you do not receive methotrexate with your trudexa therapy , your doctor may decide to give 40 mg adalimumab every week . instructions for preparing and giving an injection of trudexa : the following instructions explain how to inject trudexa . please read the instructions carefully and follow them step by step . you will be instructed by your doctor or his / her assistant on the technique of self - injection . do not attempt to self - inject until you are sure that you understand how to prepare and give the injection . after proper training , the injection can be self - administered or given by another person , for example a family member or friend . this injection should not be mixed in the same syringe or vial with any other medicine . 1 ) setting up wash your hands thoroughly set up the following items on a clean surface o one vial of trudexa for injection o one syringe with fixed needle o two alcohol pads 125 look at the expiry date on the vial . do not use the product after the month and year shown . 2 ) choosing and preparing an injection site choose a site on your thigh or stomach each new injection should be given at least 3 cm from the last injection site . o do not inject in an area where the skin is reddened , bruised , or hard . this may mean there is an infection . o wipe the injection site with the enclosed alcohol pad , using a circular motion . o do not touch the area again before injecting . 3 ) injecting trudexa preparing the trudexa dose for injection do not shake the vial . remove the plastic cap from the trudexa vial . do not remove the grey stopper or aluminium ring around the top of the vial . use a new alcohol pad to clean the grey stopper on the vial . after cleaning , do not touch the stopper with your hands . remove cap from needle syringe , being careful not to touch needle or let it touch any surface . make sure that the plunger is fully inserted into the syringe . with the vial upright on a flat surface , such as a table , insert the needle straight through the centre ring of the grey stopper . if the needle is correctly lined up , you should feel a slight resistance and then a " pop " as the needle goes through the centre of the stopper . look for the needle tip inside the stopper window . if the needle is not correctly lined up with the centre of the stopper , you will feel constant resistance as it goes through the stopper and no " pop ." the needle may then enter at an angle and bend , break or prevent proper removal of the vial contents . if this happens , do not use the syringe or vial . with the needle still in the vial , turn the vial upside down at eye level . check that the needle is below the surface of the solution . slowly pull the plunger back to draw solution into the syringe . with the needle still inserted in the vial , check the syringe for air bubbles . gently tap the syringe to make any bubbles rise to the top of the syringe near the needle . slowly press the plunger to push the bubbles out of the syringe and into the vial . when you do this , if you accidentally push some solution back into the vial , pull slowly back in the plunger to draw the entire contents of the vial back into the syringe . pull the needle completely out of the vial . again , do not touch the needle or let it touch any surface . injecting trudexa with one hand , gently grasp the cleaned areas of skin and hold firmly with the other hand , hold syringe at 45 - degree angle to skin , with the grooved side up . with one quick , short motion , push needle all the way into skin release the skin with the first hand push plunger to inject solution it can take from 2 to 5 seconds to empty the syringe when the syringe is empty , remove the needle from skin , being careful to keep it at the same angle as when it was inserted using your thumb or a piece of gauze , apply pressure over the injection site for 10 seconds . a little bleeding may occur . do not rub the injection site . use a plaster if you want to . 4 ) throwing away supplies the trudexa syringe should never be reused . never recap a needle after injecting trudexa , immediately throw away the used syringe in a special container as instructed by your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . keep this container out of the reach and sight of children if you use more trudexa than you should : if you accidentally inject trudexa more frequently than told to by your doctor , you should call your doctor and tell him / her that you have taken more . always take the outer carton or the vial of medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to take trudexa : if you forget to give yourself an injection , you should inject the next dose of trudexa as soon as you remember . then take your next dose as you would have on your originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always check the pack and the vial label for the name and type of the insulin when you get it from your pharmacy . make sure you get the liprolog that your doctor has told you to use . always use liprolog exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . dosage you should normally inject liprolog within 15 minutes of a meal . if you need to , you can inject soon after a meal . but your doctor will have told you exactly how much to use , when to use it , and how often . these instructions are only for you . follow them exactly and visit your diabetes clinic regularly . if you change the type of insulin you use ( for example from a human or animal insulin to a liprolog product ), you may have to take more or less than before . this might just be for the first injection or it may be a gradual change over several weeks or months . inject liprolog under the skin . you should only inject it into a muscle if your doctor has told you to . preparing liprolog liprolog is already dissolved in water , so you do not need to mix it . but you must use it only if it looks like water . it must be clear , have no colour and no solid pieces in it . check each time you inject yourself . injecting liprolog first wash your hands . before you make an injection , clean your skin as you have been instructed . clean the rubber stopper on the vial , but do not remove the stopper . use a clean , sterile syringe and needle to pierce the rubber stopper and draw in the amount of liprolog you want . your doctor or clinic will tell you how to do this . do not share your needles and syringes . inject under the skin , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a vein . after your injection , leave the needle in the skin for five seconds to make sure you have taken the whole dose . do not rub the area you have just injected . make sure you inject at least half an inch ( 1 cm ) from the last injection and that you ' rotate ' the places you inject , as you have been taught . it doesn ' t matter which injection site you use , either upper arm , thigh , buttock or abdomen , your liprolog injection will still work quicker than soluble human insulin . your doctor will tell you if you have to mix liprolog with one of the human insulins . for example if you do need to inject a mixture , draw the liprolog into the syringe before the long acting insulin . inject the liquid as soon as you have mixed it . do the same thing every time . you should not normally mix liprolog with one of the mixtures of human insulins . you should never mix liprolog with insulins produced by other manufacturers or animal insulins . you must not administer liprolog by the intravenous route . inject liprolog as your physician or nurse has taught you . only your physician can administer liprolog by the intravenous route . he will only do this under special circumstances such as surgery or if you are ill and your glucose levels are too high . using liprolog in an infusion pump only certain ce - marked insulin infusion pumps may be used to infuse insulin lispro . before infusing insulin lispro , the manufacturers instructions should be studied to ascertain the suitability or otherwise for the particular pump . read and follow the instructions in the product literature supplied with the infusion pump . be sure to use the correct reservoir and catheter for your pump . changing of the infusion set ( tubing and needle ) must be done according to the instructions in the product information supplied with the infusion set . in the event of a hypoglycaemic episode , the infusion should be stopped until the episode is resolved . if repeated or severe low blood glucose levels occur , notify your doctor or clinic and consider the need to reduce or stop your insulin infusion . a pump malfunction or obstruction of the infusion set can result in a rapid rise in glucose levels . if an interruption to insulin flow is suspected , follow the instructions in the product literature and if appropriate , notify your doctor or clinic . when used with an insulin infusion pump , liprolog should not be mixed with any other insulin . if you take more liprolog than you need if you take more liprolog than you need , a low blood sugar may occur . check your blood sugar . if your blood sugar is low ( mild hypoglycaemia ), eat glucose tablets , sugar or drink a sugary drink . then eat fruit , biscuits , or a sandwich , as your doctor has advised you and have some rest . this will often get you over mild hypoglycaemia or a minor insulin overdose . if you get worse and your breathing is shallow and your skin gets pale , tell your doctor at once . a glucagon injection can treat quite severe hypoglycaemia . eat glucose or sugar after the glucagon injection . if you do not respond to glucagon , you will have to go to hospital . ask your doctor to tell you about glucagon . if you forget to use liprolog if you take less liprolog than you need , a high blood sugar may occur . check your blood sugar if hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) or hyperglycaemia ( high blood sugar ) is not treated they can be very serious and cause headaches , nausea , vomiting , dehydration , unconsciousness , coma or even death ( see a and b in section 4 " possible side effects "). three simple steps to avoid hypoglycaemia or hyperglycaemia are : always keep spare syringes and a spare vial of liprolog . always carry something to show you are diabetic . always carry sugar with you . if you stop using liprolog . if you take less liprolog than you need , a high blood sugar may occur . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the recommended dose of lysakare solution is 1 l ( 1 , 000 ml ). you should receive the full lysakare dose , regardless of any lutathera dose adjustments . lysakare is given as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . the infusion of lysakare will start 30 minutes before you are given lutathera , and will last over a 4 hour period . if you receive more lysakare than you should lysakare will be given in a controlled clinical setting and is provided as a single dose bag . it is therefore unlikely that you will receive more of the infusion than you should as your doctor will monitor you during the treatment . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . dose the usual dose is 44 micrograms ( 12 million iu ) given three times per week . your doctor has prescribed you a lower dose of 22 micrograms ( 6 million iu ) given three times per week . this lower dose is recommended for patients who cannot tolerate the higher dose . rebif should be administered three times per week , and if possible : on the same three days every week ( at least 48 hours apart , e . g . monday , wednesday , friday ) at the same time of day ( preferably in the evening ). use in children and teenagers ( 2 to 17 years old ) no formal clinical studies have been conducted in children or teenagers . however there is some clinical data available suggesting that the safety profile in children and teenagers receiving rebif 22 micrograms or rebif 44 micrograms three times per week is similar to that seen in adults . use in children ( below 2 years of age ) rebif is not recommended for use in children below 2 years of age . method of administration rebif is intended for subcutaneous ( under the skin ) injection . the first injection ( s ) must be performed under the supervision of an appropriately qualified healthcare professional . after receiving adequate training , you , a family member , friend or carer can use rebif syringes to administer the medicine at home . it may also be administered with a suitable auto - injector . for administration of rebif , please read the following instructions carefully : this medicine is for single use . only clear to opalescent solution without particles and without visible signs of deterioration should be used . how to inject rebif choose an injection site . your doctor will advise you on the possible injection sites ( good sites include the upper thighs and the lower abdomen ). hold the syringe like a pencil or dart . it is recommended that you keep track of and rotate your injection sites , so that one area is not injected too frequently in order to minimise the risk of injection site necrosis . note : do not use any areas in which you feel lumps , firm knots , or pain ; talk to your doctor or healthcare professional about anything you find . wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . remove the rebif syringe from the blister pack by peeling back the plastic covering . before the injection , use an alcohol wipe to clean the skin at the injection site . let the skin dry . if a bit of alcohol is left on the skin , you may get a stinging sensation . gently pinch the skin together around the site ( to lift it up a bit ). resting your wrist on the skin near the site , stick the needle at a right angle straight into the skin with a quick , firm motion . inject the medicine by using a slow , steady push ( push the plunger all the way in until the syringe is empty ). hold a swab on the injection site . remove the needle from the skin . gently massage the injection site with a dry cotton ball or gauze . dispose of all used items : once you have finished your injection , immediately discard the syringe in an appropriate disposal unit . if you use more rebif than you should in case of overdose , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to use rebif if you miss a dose , continue to inject from the day of the next scheduled dose . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using rebif the effects of rebif may not be noticed immediately . therefore , you should not stop using rebif but continue to use it regularly to achieve the desired result . if you are uncertain about the benefits , please consult your doctor . you should not discontinue the treatment without first contacting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet daily . the back of the blister pack is marked with the days of the week to help you check that you have taken a dose each day . the tablets should be taken by mouth and can be taken with or without food . gout adenuric is available as either an 80 mg tablet or a 120 mg tablet . your doctor will have prescribed the strength most suitable for you . continue to take adenuric every day even when you are not experiencing gout flare or attack . prevention and treatment of high uric acid levels in patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy adenuric is available as a 120 mg tablet . start taking adenuric two days before chemotherapy and continue its use according to your doctor ' s advice . usually treatment is short - term . the score line on the 80 mg tablet is only there to help you break the tablet if you have difficulty swallowing it whole . if you take more adenuric than you should 47 in the event of an accidental overdose ask your doctor what to do , or contact your nearest accident and emergency department . if you forget to take adenuric if you miss a dose of adenuric take it as soon as you remember unless it is almost time for your next dose , in which case miss out the forgotten dose and take your next dose at the normal time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking adenuric do not stop taking adenuric without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you stop taking adenuric your uric acid levels may begin to rise and your symptoms may worsen due to the formation of new crystals of urate in and around your joints and kidneys . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of copalia is one tablet per day . it is preferable to take your medicine at the same time each day . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take copalia with or without food . do not take copalia with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . copalia and older people ( age 65 years or over ) your doctor should exercise caution when increasing your dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more copalia than you should if you have taken too many tablets of copalia , or if someone else has taken your tablets , consult a doctor immediately . if you forget to take copalia if you forget to take this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at its usual time . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking copalia stopping your treatment with copalia may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . before you are given this medicine other causes of high levels of triglycerides , such as diabetes or problems with your thyroid , will be ruled out by your doctor . your doctor will tell you how often you should take this medicine . they may change how often you use it , or may stop it for a period or permanently , depending on the results of your blood and urine tests or occurrence of side effects . you or your caregiver will be trained on how to use waylivra according to the instructions in this leaflet . waylivra should be injected under your skin in the way the doctor , nurse or pharmacist has shown you , and you should make sure you inject all of the liquid in the syringe . each single - use , pre - filled syringe of this medicine gives you a dose of 285 mg in 1 . 5 ml . before using this medicine , it is important that you read , understand , and closely follow the instructions for use . instructions for use are provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more waylivra than you should if you inject too much waylivra , contact your doctor or pharmacist , or attend a hospital emergency department immediately , even if there are no symptoms . if you forget to use waylivra if you miss a dose , contact your doctor to ask when to take your next dose . if a dose is missed and noticed within 48 hours , you should give the missed dose as soon as possible . if not noticed within 48 hours , then the missed dose should be skipped and the next planned injection given . do not inject more than one dose within 2 days . if you stop using waylivra do not stop using waylivra unless you have discussed stopping your medicine with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the use of raplixa is restricted to experienced surgeons who have been trained in the use of raplixa . the surgeon treating you will administer raplixa during surgery . prior to applying raplixa the surface area of the wound needs to be dried by standard techniques ( e . g . intermittent application of compresses , swabs , use of suction devices ). there are three methods of administration of raplixa : - application of raplixa straight from the vial to the bleeding site followed by the application of the gelatin sponge . - application from the vial onto a wetted gelatin sponge and then applied to the bleeding site . - the third method is application of raplixa onto the bleeding site using the recommended spray device followed by the application of the gelatin sponge . the amount of raplixa that will be applied depends on the surface area to be treated during the operation and the severity of the blood loss . when raplixa is applied directly to the surgical bleeding site , a thin layer should be used to cover the bleeding / oozing area completely . if application of a single layer of raplixa does not completely stop the bleeding , more may be applied . when applying raplixa using the recommended spray device , your surgeon must be sure to use a pressure and a distance from tissue within the range recommended by the manufacturer as follows : surgery spray set to be used applicator tips to be used pressure regulator to be used recommended distance from target tissue recommended spray pressure open surgery 1 1 or 2 raplixareg 5 cm 1 . 5 bar ( 22 psi ) when spraying raplixa , changes in blood pressure , pulse , oxygen saturation and end tidal co2 should be monitored because of the possibility of occurrence of air or gas embolism .
your doctor will aim to prescribe the lowest dose to treat your symptom for as short as necessary . speak to your doctor if you think this dose is too strong or not strong enough . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food ; however , it is advisable to take your tablet at the same time each day as this will help to remind you to take your medicine . you should continue taking this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you . in order for this medicine to work , it should be taken daily as prescribed . if you take more duavive than you should call your doctor or pharmacist . if you take too many tablets you may have nausea ( feel sick ) or vomit . you may experience breast tenderness , dizziness , abdominal pain , drowsiness / fatigue or experience a short period of vaginal bleeding . if you forget to take duavive if you forget to take a tablet , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is almost time to take your next tablet , skip the tablet you missed and only take your next scheduled tablet . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking duavive if you decide to stop taking this medicine before finishing the prescribed course of treatment , you should talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use livensa exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure of the instructions or if you want any more information . the usual dose is one patch twice weekly ( each 3 to 4 days ), see below ' how and when to change your patch '. the active substance is released from the patch constantly over 3 to 4 days ( corresponding to 300 micrograms per 24 hours ) and is absorbed through your skin . where to stick the patch - stick the patch onto your lower abdomen , below your waist . do not stick the patch on the breasts or bottom . make sure that your skin at the application site is : clean and dry ( free of lotions , moisturisers , and powders ) as smooth as possible ( no major creases or skin folds ) not cut or irritated ( free of rashes or other skin problems ) unlikely to be rubbed by clothing excessively preferably free from hair . - when changing your patch , stick the new patch on to a different area of the skin of your abdomen , otherwise you are more likely to cause skin irritation . - only one patch is to be worn at a time . - if you are also using estrogen patches , make sure that the livensa patch and the estrogen patch do not overlap . - for at least one week after removing a patch , do not place a new patch in the same area . how to stick on the patch step 1 tear open the sachet . do not use scissors as you may accidentally damage the patch . remove the patch . apply the patch immediately after removing it from the sachet . step 2 while holding the patch , remove half of the protective liner that covers the sticky part of the patch . avoid touching the sticky side of the patch with your fingers . step 3 apply the sticky side of the patch to the selected area onto your skin . press the sticky side of the patch firmly into place for about 10 seconds . step 4 fold back the patch and carefully remove the other half of the liner . press the entire patch firmly against your skin with the palm of your hand for about 10 seconds . use your fingers to make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . if an area of the patch lifts , apply pressure to that area . how and when to change your patch - you will need to change your patch every 3 to 4 days , which means using two patches each week . this will mean that you wear one patch for 3 days and the other for 4 days . decide which two days each week you are going to change your patch , and change the patch on the same two days each week . for example : if you decide to start treatment on a monday , then you have to change your patch always on a thursday and a monday . o sunday + wednesday monday + thursday o tuesday + friday o wednesday + saturday o thursday + sunday o friday + monday o saturday + tuesday as a reminder , mark on the outer carton your chosen patch - change days . - on the patch - change day , remove the used patch and immediately stick the new patch on to a different area of skin of your abdomen . continue your treatment for as long as your doctor advises . - fold the used patch in half , sticking the patch to itself , and discard it in a safe way in order to keep it away from children ( e . g . in a rubbish bin ). medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater ( do not flush it down the toilet ). ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . what about showering , bathing and exercising ? you may shower , bath , swim and exercise as normal while wearing the patch . the patch is designed to remain in place during these times . however , do not scrub the area where the patch has been placed too hard . what about sunbathing ? always make sure your patch is covered by clothing . what if your patch becomes loose , lifts at the edges or falls off ? if a patch does begin to come off , you may be able to make it stick again by pressing on it firmly . if you cannot get the patch to stick successfully , remove the loose patch and use a new patch . then continue with your regular schedule of patch - change days , even if this means discarding a patch after you have worn it for less than 3 - 4 days . if you use more patches than you should if you have applied more than one patch at a time remove all the patches sticking on to your skin and consult your doctor or pharmacist for further information on how to continue treatment with livensa . overdosing with livensa is unlikely when used as directed , because once the patch is taken off testosterone is quickly removed by the body . if you forget to use a patch if you forget to change your patch change your patch as soon as you remember , and then continue with your regular schedule of patch - change days , even if this means discarding a patch after you have worn it for less than 3 - 4 days . returning to your regular schedule will help you remember when to change your patch . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
tysabri will be given to you by a doctor experienced in the treatment of ms . your doctor may switch you directly from another medicine for ms to tysabri if there are no signs of abnormalities caused by your previous treatment . your doctor should do a blood test in order to test for abnormalities and whether you have antibodies to the jc virus . to switch from some ms medicines , your doctor may advise you to wait for a certain time to ensure that most of the previous medicine has left your body . initiating treatment with tysabri after alemtuzumab is generally not recommended . if you have been treated with alemtuzumab , a thorough evaluation and discussion with your doctor is required to decide if a switch to tysabri is appropriate for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 300 mg given once every 4 weeks . tysabri must be diluted before it is given to you . it is given as a drip into a vein ( by intravenous infusion ), usually in your arm . this takes about 1 hour . information for medical or healthcare professionals on how to prepare and administer tysabri is provided at the end of this leaflet . it is important to continue with your medicine for as long as you and your doctor decide that it is helping you . continuous dosing with tysabri is important , especially during the first few months of treatment . this is because patients who received one or two doses of tysabri and then had a gap in treatment of three months or more , were more likely to have an allergic reaction when resuming treatment . if you miss your dose of tysabri if you miss your usual dose of tysabri , arrange with your doctor to receive it as soon as you can . you can then continue to receive your dose of tysabri every 4 weeks . always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on tysabri , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . iclusig therapy should be prescribed by a doctor experienced in leukaemia treatment . iclusig is available as : a 45 mg film - coated tablet for the recommended dose . a 15 mg film - coated tablet and a 30 mg film - coated tablet to allow for dose adjustments . the recommended starting dose is one 45 mg film - coated tablet once daily . your doctor may reduce your dose or tell you to temporarily stop taking iclusig if : an appropriate response to the treatment is reached the number of white blood cells called neutrophils is reduced . the number of blood platelets is reduced . a severe side effect occurs , not affecting the blood - pancreas inflammation . - increased levels of the serum proteins lipase or amylase . you develop heart or blood vessel problems . you have a liver disorder . iclusig use may be resumed at the same , or a reduced dose , after the event is resolved or controlled . your doctor may evaluate your response to the treatment at regular intervals . method of use swallow the tablets whole , with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . do not crush or dissolve the tablets . do not swallow the desiccant canister contained in the bottle . duration of use make sure you take iclusig daily for as long as it is prescribed . this is a long - term treatment . if you take more iclusig than you should talk to your doctor immediately if this occurs . if you forget to take iclusig do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your next dose at your regular time . if you stop taking iclusig do not stop taking iclusig without your doctor ' s permission . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
instructions for use anti - allergic medicines will be given to you before you have jevtana to reduce the risk of allergic reactions . jevtana will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . jevtana must be prepared ( diluted ) before it is given . practical information for handling and administration of jevtana for doctors , nurses and pharmacists is provided with this leaflet . jevtana will be given by a drip ( infusion ) into one of your veins ( intravenous use ) in hospital for about an hour . as part of your treatment , you will also take a corticosteroid medicine ( prednisone or prednisolone ) by mouth every day . how much and how often to have the usual dose depends on your body surface area . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will decide the dose you should have . you will usually have an infusion once every 3 weeks . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use anoro ellipta regularly it is very important that you use anoro ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). how to use the inhaler see ' step - by - step instructions ' in this leaflet for full information . anoro ellipta is for inhalation use . to use anoro ellipta , you breathe it into your lungs through your mouth using the ellipta inhaler . if your symptoms do not improve if your copd symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or get worse , or if you are using your quick - acting inhaler more often : contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you use more anoro ellipta than you should if you accidentally use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or have a headache . if you forget to use anoro ellipta don ' t inhale an extra dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , use your quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using anoro ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . it will only be effective as long as you are using it . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 50 mg . you should not take sildenafil teva more than once a day . do not take sildenafil teva film - coated tablets in combination with sildenafil - containing orodispersible tablets . you should take sildenafil teva about one hour before you plan to have sex . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . if you feel that the effect of sildenafil teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . sildenafil teva will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . the amount of time sildenafil teva takes to work varies from person to person , but it normally takes between half an hour and one hour . you may find that sildenafil teva takes longer to work if you take it with a heavy meal . if sildenafil teva does not help you to get an erection , or if your erection does not last long enough for you to complete sexual intercourse you should tell your doctor . if you take more sildenafil teva than you should : you may experience an increase in side effects and their severity . doses above 100 mg do not increase the efficacy . you should not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to . contact your doctor if you take more tablets than you should . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . amyvid will only be used in specially controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . dose the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of amyvid to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the usual amount recommended for an adult is 370 mbq . megabecquerel ( mbq ) is the unit used to express radioactivity . administration of amyvid and conduct of the procedure amyvid is given as an injection into your vein ( intravenous injection ) followed by a flush of sodium chloride solution to ensure full delivery of the dose . one injection is usually sufficient to carry out the scan that your doctor needs . duration of the procedure your nuclear medicine doctor will inform you about the usual duration of the procedure . a brain scan is usually taken about 30 to 50 minutes after the amyvid injection is given . after administration of amyvid , you should avoid any close contact with young children and pregnant women for the 24 hours following the injection . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more amyvid than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will only receive a single dose of amyvid precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . in particular , the nuclear medicine doctor in charge of the procedure may provide ways to increase the passing of urine and stools in order to help remove radioactivity from your body . if you have any further question on the use of amyvid , please ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
vibativ will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . the dose given will depend on how much you weigh . the dose for adults ( 18 years and older ) is 10 milligrams ( mg ) for every kilogram ( kg ) of body weight , given once a day . this dose is given as an infusion ( drip into a vein ) over a period of about 60 minutes . if your kidneys do not work well or if you are overweight , the dose may be reduced . a course of treatment usually lasts for 7 to 21 days . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you use more vibativ than you should if you are given more vibativ than you should receive , the chance of experiencing the following side effects increases : disturbed taste , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , reactions at the site of the infusion , headache , rash , skin flushing of the upper body . if this happens , the infusion of telavancin will be stopped and the doctor will check the functioning of your kidneys . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one vyndaqel 20 mg ( tafamidis meglumine ) capsule taken once a day . if you vomit after taking this medicine and can identify the intact vyndaqel capsule , then an additional dose of vyndaqel should be taken in the same day ; if you cannot identify the vyndaqel capsule , then no additional dose of vyndaqel is necessary , and you can resume taking vyndaqel the next day as usual . method of administration vyndaqel is for oral use . the soft capsule should be swallowed whole , not crushed or cut . the capsule may be taken with or without food . instructions for opening the blisters tear off one individual blister from the blister card along the perforated line . peel back the paper at the curved arrow to expose the aluminium foil . push capsule through the exposed aluminium foil . if you take more vyndaqel than you should you should not take more capsules than your doctor tells you to . if you take more capsules than you have been told to take , contact your doctor . if you forget to take vyndaqel if you forget to take a dose , take your capsules as soon as you remember . if it is within 6 hours before your next dose , skip the missed dose and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vyndaqel do not stop taking vyndaqel without first speaking to your doctor . as vyndaqel works by stabilising the ttr protein , if you stop taking vyndaqel , the protein will no longer be stabilised , and your disease may progress . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
at least 2 weeks before you start treatment with soliris , your doctor will administer a vaccine against meningococcal infection if it was not previously administered or if your vaccination is outdated . if your child is below the age of vaccination or if you are not vaccinated at least 2 weeks before you start treatment with soliris , your doctor will prescribe antibiotics to reduce the risk of infection until 2 weeks after you have been vaccinated . your doctor will administer a vaccine to your child aged less than 18 years against haemophilus influenzae and pneumococcal infections according to the national vaccination recommendations for each age group . instructions for proper use the treatment will be given by your doctor or other health care provider by infusing a dilution of the soliris vial from a drip bag through a tube directly into one of your veins . it is recommended that the beginning of your treatments , called the initial phase , will extend over 4 weeks , followed by a maintenance phase . if you use this medicine to treat pnh for adults : initial phase : every week for the first four weeks , your doctor will administer an intravenous infusion of diluted soliris . each infusion will consist of a dose of 600 mg ( 2 vials of 30 ml ) and will take 25 45 minutes ( 35 minutes ± 10 minutes ). maintenance phase : in the fifth week , your doctor will administer an intravenous infusion of diluted soliris at a dose of 900 mg ( 3 vials of 30 ml ) over a 25 45 minute ( 35 minutes ± 10 minutes ) period . after the fifth week , your doctor will administer 900 mg of diluted soliris every two weeks as a long - term treatment . if you use this medicine to treat ahus , refractory gmg or nmosd for adults : initial phase : every week for the first four weeks , your doctor will administer an intravenous infusion of diluted soliris . each infusion will consist of a dose of 900 mg ( 3 vials of 30 ml ) and will take 25 45 minutes ( 35 minutes ± 10 minutes ). maintenance phase : in the fifth week , your doctor will administer an intravenous infusion of diluted soliris at a dose of 1 , 200 mg ( 4 vials of 30 ml ) over a 25 45 minute ( 35 minutes ± 10 minutes ) period . after the fifth week , your doctor will administer 1 , 200 mg of diluted soliris every two weeks as a long - term treatment . children and adolescents with pnh or ahus and who are 40 kg weight and over are treated with the adult dosing . children and adolescents with pnh or ahus and who are under 40 kg weight require a lower dose based on how much they weigh . your doctor will calculate this . for children and adolescents with pnh and ahus aged less than 18 years : body weight initial phase maintenance phase 30 to < 40 kg 600 mg weekly x 2 900 mg at week 3 ; then 900 mg every 2 weeks 20 to < 30 kg 600 mg weekly x 2 600 mg at week 3 ; then 600 mg every 2 weeks 10 to < 20 kg 600 mg weekly x 1 300 mg at week 2 ; then 300 mg every 2 weeks 5 to < 10 kg 300 mg weekly x 1 300 mg at week 2 ; then 300 mg every 3 weeks subjects who undergo plasma exchange may receive additional doses of soliris . following each infusion , you will be monitored for about one hour . your doctor ' s instructions should be carefully observed . if you receive more soliris than you should if you suspect that you have been accidentally administered a higher dose of soliris than prescribed , please contact your doctor for advice . if you forget an appointment to receive soliris if you forget an appointment , please contact your doctor immediately for advice and see section below " if you stop using soliris ". if you stop using soliris for pnh interrupting or ending treatment with soliris may cause your pnh symptoms to come back more severely soon . your doctor will discuss the possible side effects with you and explain the risks . your doctor will want to monitor you closely for at least 8 weeks . the risks of stopping soliris include an increase in the destruction of your red blood cells , which may cause : - a significant fall in your red blood cell counts ( anaemia ), - confusion or change in how alert you are , - chest pain , or angina , - an increase in your serum creatinine level ( problems with your kidneys ), or - thrombosis ( blood clotting ). if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor . if you stop using soliris for ahus interrupting or ending treatment with soliris may cause your ahus symptoms to come back . your doctor will discuss the possible side effects with you and explain the risks . your doctor will want to monitor you closely . the risks of stopping soliris include an increase in the inflammation of your platelets , which may cause : - a significant fall in your platelets ( thrombocytopenia ), - a significant rise in destruction of your red blood cells , - decreased urination ( problems with your kidneys ), - an increase in your serum creatinine level ( problems with your kidneys ), - confusion or change in how alert you are , - chest pain , or angina , - shortness of breath , or - thrombosis ( blood clotting ). if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor . if you stop using soliris for refractory gmg interrupting or stopping treatment with soliris may cause your gmg symptoms to come back . please speak to your doctor before stopping soliris . your doctor will discuss the possible side effects and risks with you . your doctor will also want to monitor you closely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . if you stop using soliris for nmosd interrupting or stopping treatment with soliris may cause your nmosd to worsen and relapse to happen . please speak to your doctor before stopping soliris . your doctor will discuss the possible side effects and risks with you . your doctor will also want to monitor you closely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage glibenclamide therapy should be started by a doctor experienced in the treatment of patients with very early onset diabetes . the dose of amglidia depends on your child ' s body weight , and will be calculated by the doctor as an amount ( volume ) in ml of oral suspension to be measured with the oral syringe ( either an 1 ml or a 5 ml syringe ) supplied with the medicine . your doctor will prescribe the specific presentation and strength including the particular syringe you should use . do not use any other syringe to administer amglidia . it is important you do not adjust yourself the doses of either amglidia or insulin , unless specifically directed to do so by your child ' s doctor . make sure that you use correct strength of the medicine and the appropriate oral syringe prescribed by your doctor to avoid accidental administration of too high or too low amounts . the starting dose of amglidia is 0 . 2 mg of glibenclamide for each kilogram ( kg ) of body weight daily , divided in two doses of 0 . 1 mg / kg . as the dose is increased , it is usually possible to reduce and then stop the dose of insulin the patient is already receiving . higher doses of amglidia can be given as needed and administered in up to four intakes per day , based on blood - glucose monitoring , as per titration recommendations given by the referring doctor . in case of minor vomiting , an antivomiting medicine will be prescribed by your doctor and amglidia can be continued . as generally recommended in such situations , if vomiting occurs less than 30 minutes following administration of amglidia , a new dose can be given . if vomiting occurs more than 30 minutes following administration of amglidia , no new dose should be given . always ask your child ' s doctor for advice in such circumstances . in case of major vomiting , ketonemia and ketonuria should be closely monitored by the treating doctor . the doctor may start insulin therapy again , when ketonemia or ketonuria were found to be responsible for the major vomiting . in case of inability of food or beverage intake , the child should go to emergency department to get an insulin and glucose perfusion until vomiting stops . method of administration always give the medicine before feeding , the medicine should be given at the same time each day . in case of milk feeding , recommendation is given to administer the suspension 15 minutes before child ' s milk feeding . this medicine is a ready - for - use oral suspension to be given with a marked oral syringe . only the oral syringe included in the carton should be used . the 1 ml syringe is thin and small and graduated in steps of 0 . 05 ml . the 5 ml syringe is thick and long and graduated in steps of 0 . 1 ml . instructions for use the dose is measured by drawing the plunger of the syringe back until it reaches the marking for the dose the doctor has prescribed for your child . the dose in ml per administration and the number of administrations per day have to carefully follow the medical prescription . while the child is awake , position the child in half - sitting position in the hollow of your arm , with the child ' s head resting on your arm . slip about the first 1 cm of the syringe into the child ' s mouth and place it against the inside cheek ; let the child suck . if the child does not suck , slowly press the plunger of the syringe so that the suspension trickles into the mouth . do not lay the child down directly after administration . it is recommended to wait for the child has swallowed the medicine before reverting back to lying position . for first use 1 . open the bottle by unscrewing the child - resistant closure while pressing downwards . 2 . insert the adaptor firmly into the bottle while holding the bottle the right way up . 3 . replace the screw cap on the bottle with the adaptor . 4 . retighten the screw cap to push the adaptor well into the bottle . for each administration 1 . the bottle does not need to be shaken before administration . the medicine is administered as a ready - for - use oral suspension to be given using a specific marked syringe . 2 . open the bottle by unscrewing the child - resistant closure while pressing downwards ( figure 1 ). 3 . holding the bottle the right way up , insert the syringe firmly into the adaptor fitted to the bottle ( figure 2 ). 4 . turn the bottle with the syringe upside down ( figure 3 ). 5 . draw back the plunger to obtain the desired volume ( figure 4a ). then push the plunger to remove as many air bubbles as possible from the syringe ( figure 4b ). finally , draw back the plunger until graduation corresponding to the prescribed dose in ml ( figure 4c ). note : if air gets into the syringe , empty the syringe into the bottle and start the procedure again . 6 . turn the bottle with the syringe into its upright position . 7 . remove the syringe from the adaptor . put the syringe into the child mouth and push the plunger to slowly administer the medicine into the mouth . 8 . close the bottle by tightening the screw cap well on top of the adaptor . the bottle must be closed after each use and stored for a maximum of 30 days . 9 . the syringe must be rinsed thoroughly with water , wiped dry after each use and replaced back into the medicine ' s carton . the oral syringe in the carton should be used only with this medicine . if you give more amglidia to your child than you should see your doctor , nurse or your hospital pharmacist immediately . there is a risk of hypoglycaemia . you should check capillary blood sugar of your child and follow the instructions described in section 4 . if you forget to give amglidia if you forget to give amglidia , there is a risk of high blood sugar . you must check your child ' s blood sugar ( capillary blood sugar ) and give amglidia as soon as you realise you have forgotten to use it . if your child ' s capillary blood sugar exceeds 3 g / l ( or 300 mg / dl or 16 . 5 mmol / l ), check for the presence of ketonuria with a finger stick or urine stick tests according to your child ' s doctor recommendations . if ketonuria is detected , you must inject insulin immediately according to the procedure defined beforehand with your child ' s doctor and contact him / her or his / her team for advice . do not give a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop giving amglidia there is a risk of high blood sugar . you should check your child ' s blood sugar ( capillary blood sugar ). diabetes symptoms may reappear and may lead to a serious disturbance of the body ' s metabolism with high blood levels of ketones ( ketoacidosis ), dehydration and disturbance of the balance of acids in the body . you should therefore never stop the medicine without checking with the doctor looking after your child . seek advice from your doctor . you will be requested to bring back remaining amglidia oral suspension to your doctor at each consultation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask the doctor of your child or pharmacist .
the recommended starting dose for parsabiv is 5 mg . it will be given by a doctor or nurse at the end of your haemodialysis treatment through the tube ( bloodline ) that connects you to the haemodialysis machine . parsabiv will be given 3 times per week . the dose may be increased up to 15 mg or lowered down to 2 . 5 mg depending on your response . you may need to take calcium and vitamin d supplements while being treated with parsabiv . your doctor will discuss this with you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many zyprexa velotab tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of zyprexa velotab is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking zyprexa velotab unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your zyprexa velotab tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . zyprexa velotab orodispersible tablets are for oral use . zyprexa velotab tablets break easily , so you should handle the tablets carefully . do not handle the tablets with wet hands as the tablets may break up . 1 . hold the blister strip at the edges and separate one blister cell from the rest of the strip by gently tearing along the perforations around it . 2 . carefully peel off the backing . 3 . gently push the tablet out . 4 . put the tablet in your mouth . it will dissolve directly in your mouth , so that it can be easily swallowed . you can also place the tablet in a full glass or cup of water , orange juice , apple juice , milk or coffee , and stir . with some drinks , the mixture may change colour and possibly become cloudy . drink it straight away . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , 43 unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may be : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking zyprexa velotab , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . ivabradine zentiva should be taken during meals . if you are being treated for stable angina pectoris the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of ivabradine zentiva 5 mg twice daily . if you still have angina symptoms and if you have tolerated the 5 mg twice daily dose well , the dose may be increased . the maintenance dose should not exceed 7 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of ivabradine zentiva 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of ivabradine zentiva 5 mg twice daily increasing if necessary to one tablet of ivabradine zentiva 7 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of ivabradine zentiva 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you take more ivabradine zentiva than you should a large dose of ivabradine zentiva could make you feel breathless or tired because your heart slows down too much . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ivabradine zentiva if you forget to take a dose of ivabradine zentiva , take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . the calendar printed on the blister containing the tablets should help you remember when you last took a tablet of ivabradine zentiva . if you stop taking ivabradine zentiva as the treatment for angina or chronic heart failure is usually life - long , you should discuss with your doctor before stopping this medicinal product . if you think that the effect of ivabradine zentiva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . ivabradine jensonr should be taken during meals . if you are being treated for stable angina pectoris the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of ivabradine jensonr 5 mg twice daily . if you still have angina symptoms and if you have tolerated the 5 mg twice daily dose well , the dose may be increased . the maintenance dose should not exceed 7 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of ivabradine jensonr 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of ivabradine jensonr 5 mg twice daily increasing if necessary to one tablet of ivabradine jensonr 7 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of ivabradine jensonr 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you take more ivabradine jensonr than you should : a large dose of ivabradine jensonr could make you feel breathless or tired because your heart slows down too much . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ivabradine jensonr : if you forget to take a dose of ivabradine jensonr , take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . the calendar printed on the blister containing the tablets should help you remember when you last took a tablet of ivabradine jensonr . if you stop taking ivabradine jensonr : as the treatment for angina or chronic heart failure is usually life - long , you should discuss with your doctor before stopping this medicinal product . if you think that the effect of ivabradine jensonr is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . the blood pressure lowering effect is present within two weeks after beginning treatment . elderly people the usual recommended starting dose of aliskiren in elderly patients is 150 mg . in the majority of patients aged 65 years or older , the 300 mg dose of aliskiren shows no additional benefit in reducing blood pressure compared to the 150 mg dose . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 300 mg tablet once daily . your doctor may prescribe this medicine together with other medicines used to treat high blood pressure . method of administration swallow the tablet whole with some water . you should take this medicine once a day , always with or 58 always without food , preferably at the same time each day . you should establish a convenient daily schedule to take the medicine the same way each day , in a regular pattern with respect to the timing of your meals . you should avoid taking this medicine together with fruit juice and / or drinks containing plant extracts ( including herbal teas ). during your treatment , your doctor may adjust your dose depending on your blood pressure response . if you take more rasilez than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets of this medicine , consult a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take rasilez if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember and then take the next dose at its usual time . however , if it is almost time for your next dose you should simply take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . ivabradine accord should be taken during meals . if you are being treated for stable angina pectoris the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of ivabradine accord 5 mg twice daily . if you still have angina symptoms and if you have tolerated the 5 mg twice daily dose well , the dose may be increased . the maintenance dose should not exceed 7 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of ivabradine accord 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of ivabradine accord 5 mg twice daily increasing if necessary to one tablet of ivabradine accord 7 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will decide the right dose 29 for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of ivabradine accord 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you take more ivabradine accord than you should : a large dose of ivabradine accord could make you feel breathless or tired because your heart slows down too much . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ivabradine accord : if you forget to take a dose of ivabradine accord , take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . the calendar printed on the blister containing the tablets should help you remember when you last took a tablet of ivabradine accord . if you stop taking ivabradine accord : as the treatment for angina or chronic heart failure is usually life - long , you should discuss with your doctor before stopping this medicinal product . if you think that the effect of ivabradine accord is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
neupopeg is for use in adults aged 18 and over . always take neupopeg exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given approximately 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . do not shake neupopeg vigorously as this may affect its activity injecting neupopeg yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject neupopeg yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with neupopeg , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . if you use more neupopeg than you should if you use more neupopeg than you should contact your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . if you forget to inject neupopeg if you have forgotten a dose of neupopeg , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose .
how it is given rituzena will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given rituzena as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). medicines given before each rituzena administration before you are given rituzena , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will receive your treatment a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having rituzena alone rituzena will be given to you once a week for 4 weeks . repeated treatment courses with rituzena are possible . if you are having rituzena with chemotherapy rituzena will be given to you on the same day as your chemotherapy . this is usually given every 3 weeks up to 8 times . b ) if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with rituzena in combination with chemotherapy , you will receive rituzena every 28 days until you have received 6 doses . the chemotherapy should be given after the rituzena infusion . your doctor will decide if you should receive other treatment at the same time . c ) if you are being treated for granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis treatment with rituzena uses four separate infusions given at weekly intervals . a corticosteroid medicine will usually be given by injection before the start of rituzena treatment . corticosteroid medicine given by mouth may be started at any time by your doctor to treat your condition . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
keytruda will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in cancer treatment . - the recommended dose of keytruda is either 200 mg every 3 weeks or 400 mg every 6 weeks . - your doctor will give you keytruda through an infusion into your vein ( intravenous ) for about 30 minutes . - your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you miss an appointment to get keytruda - call your doctor right away to reschedule your appointment . - it is very important that you do not miss a dose of this medicine . if you stop receiving keytruda stopping your treatment may stop the effect of the medicine . do not stop treatment with keytruda unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you have any further questions about your treatment , ask your doctor . you will also find this information in the patient alert card you have been given by your doctor . it is important that you keep this alert card and show it to your partner or caregivers .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 15 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started at a low dose with the oral solution ( liquid ) form . the dose may be gradually increased to the recommended dose for adolescents of 10 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of aripiprazole zentiva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take aripiprazole zentiva at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of aripiprazole zentiva without first consulting your doctor . aripiprazole zentiva 10 mg , 30 mg tablets : the score line is not intended for breaking the tablet . if you take more aripiprazole zentiva than you should if you realise you have taken more aripiprazole zentiva than your doctor has recommended ( or if someone else has taken some of your aripiprazole zentiva ), contact your doctor right away . if you cannot reach your doctor , go to the nearest hospital and take the pack with you . patients who have taken too much aripiprazole have experienced the following symptoms : rapid heartbeat , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech . unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may include : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness , and drowsiness or sleepiness , slower breathing , choking , high or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital immediately if you experience any of the above . if you forget to take aripiprazole zentiva if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember but do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking aripiprazole zentiva do not stop your treatment just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking aripiprazole zentiva for as long as your doctor has told you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of segluromet is one tablet twice a day . the dose of segluromet that you take will depend on your condition and the amount of ertugliflozin and metformin needed to control your blood sugar . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet ; if you have difficulties in swallowing the tablet can be broken or crushed . take one tablet twice daily . try to take it at the same time each day ; this will help you remember to take it . it is best to take your tablet with a meal . this will lower your chance of having an upset stomach . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while taking segluromet . if you take more segluromet than you should if you take too much segluromet , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take segluromet if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking segluromet do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor . your blood sugar levels may increase if you stop the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day for 6 days . the tablets are swallowed whole and can be taken with or without food or drink . talk to a doctor if you do not feel better , or if you feel worse after 6 days . if you take more sivextro than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nearest hospital casualty department as soon as possible if you have taken more tablets than you should , and take your medicine with you . if you forget to take sivextro if you forget to take your medicine , take the dose as soon as possible anytime up to 8 hours prior to the next scheduled dose . if less than 8 hours remains before the next dose , then wait until the next scheduled dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if in any doubt , contact your pharmacist for advice . you should take all 6 tablets to complete your course of treatment , even if you have missed a dose . if you stop taking sivextro if you stop taking sivextro without the advice of your doctor , your symptoms may get worse . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you stop taking your medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer naglazyme to you . the dose you receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 1 mg / kg body weight administered once every week through a drip into a vein ( by intravenous infusion ). each infusion will take approximately 4 hours . for the first hour the infusion rate will be slow ( approximately 2 . 5 % of the total solution ), with the remaining volume ( approximately 97 . 5 %) being taken over the next 3 hours . if you are given more naglazyme than you should naglazyme is administered under the supervision of a nurse or doctor , he or she will check that the correct dose has been given and act accordingly if necessary . if you forget to take this medicine if you have missed a naglazyme infusion , please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . taking vimpat take vimpat twice each day - once in the morning and once in the evening . try to take it at about the same time each day . swallow the vimpat tablet with a glass of water . you may take vimpat with or without food . you will usually start by taking a low dose each day and your doctor will slowly increase this over a number of weeks . when you reach the dose that works for you , this is called the " maintenance dose ", you then take the same amount each day . vimpat is used as a long term treatment . you should continue to take vimpat until your doctor tells you to stop . how much to take listed below are the normal recommended doses of vimpat for different age groups and weights . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have problems with your kidneys or with your liver . adolescents and children weighing 50 kg or more and adults when you take vimpat on its own the usual starting dose of vimpat is 50 mg twice a day . your doctor may also prescribe a starting dose of 100 mg of vimpat twice a day . your doctor may increase your twice daily dose every week by 50 mg . this will be until you reach a maintenance dose between 100 mg and 300 mg twice a day . when you take vimpat with other antiepileptic medicines the usual starting dose of vimpat is 50 mg twice a day . your doctor may increase your twice daily dose every week by 50 mg . this will be until you reach a maintenance dose between 100 mg and 200 mg twice a day . if you weigh 50 kg or more , your doctor may decide to start vimpat treatment with a single " loading " dose of 200 mg . you would then start your ongoing maintenance dose 12 hours later . children and adolescent weighing less than 50 kg the dose depends on their body weight . they usually start treatment with the syrup and only change to tablets if they are able to take tablets and get the correct dose with the different tablet strengths . the doctor will prescribe the formulation that is best suited to them . if you take more vimpat than you should if you have taken more vimpat than you should , contact your doctor immediately . do not try to drive . you may experience : dizziness ; feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ); fits ( seizures ), heart beat problems such a slow , fast or irregular heart beat , coma or a fall in blood pressure with rapid heartbeat and sweating . if you forget to take vimpat if you have missed a dose within the first 6 hours of the scheduled dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you have missed a dose beyond the first 6 hours of the scheduled dose , do not take the missed tablet anymore . instead take vimpat at the next time that you would normally take it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vimpat do not stop taking vimpat without talking to your doctor , as your epilepsy may come back again or become worse . if your doctor decides to stop your treatment with vimpat , they will tell you how to decrease the dose step by step . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you are blind or have poor eyesight and cannot read the dose counter on the pen , do not use the pen without help . get help from a person with good eyesight who is trained to use the flextouch pre - filled pen . the pre - filled pen can provide a dose of 180 units in one injection in steps of 1 unit . your doctor will decide with you : how much ryzodeg you will need each day and at which meal ( s ) when to check your blood sugar level and if you need a higher or lower dose . flexibility in dosing time always follow your doctor ' s recommendation for dose . ryzodeg can either be used once or twice each day . use with the main meal ( s ); you can change the time of dosing as long as ryzodeg is dosed with the largest meal ( s ). if you want to change your usual diet , check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse first as a change in diet may alter your need for insulin . based on your blood sugar level , your doctor may change your dose . when using other medicines , ask your doctor if your treatment needs to be adjusted . use in elderly (≥ 65 years old ) ryzodeg can be used in elderly , but you may need to check your blood sugar level more often . talk to your doctor about changes in your dose . if you have kidney or liver problems if you have kidney or liver problems , you may need to check your blood sugar level more often . talk to your doctor about changes in your dose . injecting your medicine before you use ryzodeg for the first time , your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the pre - filled pen . check the name and strength on the label of the pen to make sure it is ryzodeg 100 units / ml . do not use ryzodeg in insulin infusion pumps . if the pen is damaged or has not been stored correctly ( see section 5 ' how to store ryzodeg '). if the insulin does not appear clear and colourless . how to inject ryzodeg is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). do not inject it into a vein or muscle . the best places to inject are the front of your waist ( abdomen ), upper arms or the front of your thighs . change the place within the area where you inject each day to reduce the risk of developing lumps and skin pitting ( see section 4 ). always use a new needle for each injection . re - use of needles may increase the risk of blocked needles leading to inaccurate dosing . dispose of the needle safely after each use . do not use a syringe to remove the solution from the pen to avoid dosing errors and potential overdose . detailed instructions for use are provided on the other side of this leaflet . if you use more ryzodeg than you should if you use too much insulin , your blood sugar may get too low ( hypoglycaemia ), see advice in section 4 ' too low blood sugar '. if you forget to use ryzodeg if you forget a dose , inject the missed dose with your next large meal on that day and thereafter resume your usual dosing schedule . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ryzodeg do not stop using your insulin without talking to your doctor . if you stop using your insulin , this could lead to a very high blood sugar level and ketoacidosis ( a condition with too much acid in the blood ), see advice in section 4 ' too high blood sugar '.
silgard is given as an injection by your doctor . silgard is intended for adolescents and adults from 9 years of age onwards . if you are from 9 to and including 13 years of age silgard can be administered according to a 2 - dose schedule : first injection : at chosen date second injection : 6 months after first injection if the second vaccine dose is administered earlier than 6 months after the first dose , a third dose should always be administered . alternatively , silgard can be administered according to a 3 - dose schedule : first injection : at chosen date second injection : 2 months after first injection third injection : 6 months after first injection the second dose should be administered at least one month after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 3 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . if you are from 14 years of age silgard should be administered according to a 3 - dose schedule : first injection : at chosen date second injection : 2 months after first injection third injection : 6 months after first injection the second dose should be administered at least one month after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 3 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . it is recommended that individuals who receive a first dose of silgard complete the vaccination course with silgard . silgard will be given as an injection through the skin into the muscle ( preferably the muscle of the upper arm or thigh ). the vaccine should not be mixed in the same syringe with any other vaccines and solutions . if you forget one dose of silgard : if you miss a scheduled injection , your doctor will decide when to give the missed dose . it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor or nurse regarding return visits for the follow - up doses . if you forget or are not able to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice . when silgard is given as your first dose , the completion of the vaccination course should be done with silgard , and not with another hpv vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
if you have not previously received doses of prepandrix from 18 years onwards : you will receive two doses of adjupanrix . the second dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks and up to twelve months after the first dose . from 80 years onwards : you may receive two double injections of adjupanrix . the first two injections should be given at the elected date and the two other injections should preferably be given 3 weeks after . if you have previously received one or two doses of prepandrix from 18 years onwards : you will receive one dose of adjupanrix . use in children in a clinical study , children 3 to 9 years of age have received either two adult ( 0 . 5 ml ) or two half adult ( 0 . 25 ml ) doses . your doctor will decide the appropriate dose for your child . your doctor or nurse will give you adjupanrix . they will give adjupanrix as an injection into a muscle . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given in opposite arms . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of benepali is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in adult patients ( aged 18 years or over ) rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , and axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 25 mg given twice a week or 50 mg once a week as an injection under the skin . however , your doctor may determine an alternative frequency at which to inject benepali . plaque psoriasis the usual dose is 25 mg twice a week or 50 mg once a week . alternatively , 50 mg may be given twice a week for up to 12 weeks , followed by 25 mg twice a week or 50 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how long you should use benepali and whether retreatment is needed based on your response . if benepali has no effect on your condition after 12 weeks , your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine . use in children and adolescents dose and frequency of dosing for the child or adolescent will depend on body weight and disease . your doctor will determine the correct dose for the child and will prescribe an appropriate strength of etanercept . paediatric patients weighing 62 . 5 kg or more can be dosed 25 mg given twice a week or 50 mg given once a week using a fixed - dose pre - filled syringe or pre - filled pen . other etanercept products with appropriate dosage forms for children are available . for polyarthritis or extended oligoarthritis in patients from the age of 2 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more , or enthesitis - related arthritis or psoriatic arthritis in patients from the age of 12 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more , the usual dose is 25 mg given twice a week or 50 mg given once a week . for psoriasis in patients from the age of 6 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more , the usual dose is 50 mg and should be given once weekly . if benepali has no effect on the child ' s condition after 12 weeks , your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine . the doctor will provide you with detailed directions for preparing and measuring the appropriate dose . method and route of administration benepali is administered by an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous use ). detailed instructions on how to inject benepali are provided in section 7 , " instructions for use ". do not mix the benepali solution with any other medicine . to help you remember , it may be helpful to write in a diary which day ( s ) of the week benepali should be used . if you use more benepali than you should if you have used more benepali than you should ( either by injecting too much on a single occasion or by using it too frequently ), talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . always have the outer carton of the medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to inject benepali if you forget a dose , you should inject it as soon as you remember , unless the next scheduled dose is the next day ; in which case you should skip the missed dose . then continue to inject the medicine on the usual day ( s ). if you do not remember until the day that the next injection is due , do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using benepali your symptoms may return upon discontinuation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment will be initiated under the supervision of a physician experienced in the care of patients with an inborn deficiency of antithrombin . your health care provider will prepare a solution of antithrombin alfa to be administered to you through your vein . to protect you from developing blood clots the medicine will continue to be administered to you until your doctor determines it safe to stop treatment . if you use more atryn than you should the doctor will treat you , as appropriate , if you have any particular side effects . if you stop using atryn please discuss possibility of stopping the treatment with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 tablet of 25 mg each day . take moventig in the morning , to avoid bowel movements in the middle of the night . moventig should be taken on an empty stomach at least 30 minutes before the first meal of the day or 2 hours after the first meal . when treatment with moventig is started , all currently used laxatives should be stopped , until instructed by your doctor to restart . your doctor may tell you to take a lower dose of 12 . 5 mg if you have kidney problems if you take diltiazem or verapamil ( for high blood pressure or angina ) your doctor may tell you to increase the dose to 25 mg depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have trouble swallowing the tablet if you have trouble swallowing the tablet you can crush it and mix with water as follows : crush the tablet to a powder pour the powder into half a glass of water ( 120 ml ) stir and drink immediately 29 to make sure there is no medicine left , rinse the empty glass with another half a glass of water ( 120 ml ), and drink it if you take more moventig than you should if you take more moventig than you should , talk to a doctor or go to hospital . if you forget to take moventig if you miss a dose of moventig , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the usual recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet twice a day . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose of one 75 mg tablet twice a day if you : - are 65 years of age or older ; - are unable to tolerate the 100 mg dose ; the tablets should be taken orally with food in the morning and in the evening . if you take more truberzi than you should if you have taken more truberzi than you should , tell your doctor or seek urgent medical assistance . if you forget to take truberzi do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next dose at the next scheduled time and continue as normal . if you stop taking truberzi do not stop taking truberzi without first talking to your doctor as your symptoms may worsen . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose . the normal starting dose is 0 . 5 mg before each main meal . swallow the tablets with a glass of water immediately before or up to 30 minutes before each main meal . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by up to 4 mg to be taken immediately before or up to 30 minutes before each main meal . the maximum recommended daily dose is 16 mg . do not take more prandin than your doctor has recommended . if you take more prandin than you should if you take too many tablets , your blood sugar may become too low , leading to a hypo . please see if you get a hypo on what a hypo is and how to treat it . if you forget to take prandin if you miss a dose , take the next dose as usual - do not double the dose . if you stop taking prandin be aware that the desired effect is not achieved if you stop taking prandin . your diabetes may get worse . if any change of your treatment is necessary contact your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always give this medicine exactly as a doctor has told you . check with a doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage your doctor will prescribe the appropriate dose of buccolam your child needs , generally according to your child ' s age . the different doses each have a different colour , which is shown on the carton , the tube and the syringe containing the medicine . depending on age , your child will have received one of the following doses , in specifically colour labelled packaging : 3 months to less than 1 year : 2 . 5 mg - yellow labelled packaging 1 year to less than 5 years : 5 mg - blue labelled packaging 5 years to less than 10 years : 7 . 5 mg - purple labelled packaging 10 years to less than 18 years : 10 mg - orange labelled packaging the dose is the full contents of one oral syringe . do not give more than one dose . toddlers aged from 3 months to less than 6 months should only be treated in a hospital setting where monitoring is possible and resuscitation equipment is available . preparing to give this medicine if the child is having a seizure , allow their body to move freely , do not try to restrain them . only move them if they are in danger from , for example , deep water , fire or sharp objects . support your child ' s head with something soft , such as a cushion or your lap . check that the medicine is the correct dose for your child , according to their age . how to give this medicine ask a doctor , pharmacist or nurse to show you how to take or administer this medicine . always check with them if you are not sure . the information on how to give this medicine is also shown on the tube label . buccolam must not be injected . do not attach a needle to the syringe step 1 hold the plastic tube , break the seal at one end and pull the cap off . take the syringe out of the tube . step 2 pull the red cap off the tip of the syringe and dispose of it safely . step 3 using the finger and thumb gently pinch and pull back the child ' s cheek . put the tip of the syringe into the back of the space between the inside of the cheek and the lower gum . step 4 slowly press the syringe plunger until the plunger stops . the full amount of solution should be inserted slowly into the space between the gum and the cheek ( buccal cavity ). if prescribed by your doctor ( for larger volumes and / or smaller patients ), you can give approximately half the dose slowly into one side of the mouth , then into the other side of the child ' s mouth . when to call an ambulance always follow the treatment advice provided by the patient ' s doctor or as explained by a healthcare professional . if in any doubt , call for immediate medical help if : the seizure does not stop within 10 minutes you ' re unable to empty the syringe or you spill some of the contents the child ' s breathing slows down or stops e . g . slow or shallow breathing or blue lips you observe signs of a heart attack which may include chest pain or pain that spreads to the neck and shoulders and down the left arm the child is sick ( vomits ) and the seizure does not stop within 10 minutes you give too much buccolam and there are signs of overdose which include : o drowsiness , tiredness , fatigue o confusion or feeling disorientated o absence of knee reflex or a response to a pinch o breathing difficulties ( slow or shallow breathing ) o low blood pressure ( giddiness and feeling faint ) o coma keep the syringe to show to the ambulance staff or doctor . do not give more than the amount of medicine prescribed by a doctor for the patient . if the child is sick ( vomits ) do not give the patient another dose of buccolam . if the seizure does not stop within 10 minutes , call an ambulance . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask a doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will inject this medicine into a vein ( intravenously ) slowly over a period of 5 minutes . adults , children above 3 months and elderly the usual dose is 1 to 2 mg per kilogram of your body weight , i . e . 0 . 2 to 0 . 4 ml per kilogram given over a period of 5 minutes . a second dose may be given after one hour if required . the maximum recommended cumulative dose for the course of treatment is 7 mg / kg . if your blood disorder has been caused by aniline or dapsone , total cumulative dose should not exceed 4 mg / kg ( see section 2 ). usually , treatment should not exceed one day . infants 3 months old or younger the recommended dose is 0 . 3 to 0 . 5 mg / kg body weight , i . e . 0 . 06 to 0 . 1 ml / kg , over a period of 5 minutes . a repeat dose ( 0 . 3 to 0 . 5 mg / kg body weight , i . e . 0 . 06 - 0 . 1 ml / kg ) may be given after one hour in case of persistence or recurrence of symptoms . usually , treatment should not exceed one day . this medicine may be diluted in 50 ml glucose 50 mg / ml ( 5 %) solution for injection to avoid local pain , in particular in children . if you are given more methylthioninium chloride proveblue than you should as this medicine will be given to you whilst you are in hospital , it is unlikely that you will be given too much or too little , however , tell your doctor if you notice one of the following adverse reactions : - feeling sick , - stomach pain , - chest pain , - dizziness , - headache , - sweating , - confusion , - an increase in methaemoglobin ( an abnormal form of haemoglobin in the blood ), - high blood pressure , - shortness of breath , - abnormally fast beating of the heart , - tremor , - skin discolouration . your skin may turn blue - reduction in red blood cells which may turn your skin pale and make you breathless and weak , - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ), this has only been reported in infants . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of victrelis is 4 capsules three times a day ( a total of 12 capsules a day ). take the capsules in the morning , afternoon and evening with a meal or light snack . the use without food could seriously compromise your chance of success of treatment . how to take this medicine peel back the tab to get to the capsule - do not push the capsule through the blister since pushing the capsule through the package may break the capsule . take this medicine by mouth . this medicine should be taken with a meal or light snack . victrelis is always taken in combination with peginterferon alfa and ribavirin . the duration of the administration of these medicines will depend on your response and treatment plan . reminder : please also read the " possible side effects " in the package leaflets for peginterferon alfa and ribavirin before you start taking victrelis . if you take more victrelis than you should if you take more victrelis than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency room straight away . if you forget to take victrelis if you forget a dose and it is more than 2 hours before your next dose is due , take the missed dose with food . then continue taking your capsules as normal . however , if it is less than 2 hours before your next dose is due , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any questions about what to do , talk to your doctor . if you stop taking victrelis do not stop taking victrelis unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist because your treatment may not work .
dose and when to take your insulin always use your insulin and adjust your dose exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . novomix 30 is generally taken immediately before a meal . eat a meal or snack within 10 minutes of the injection to avoid low blood sugar . when necessary , novomix 30 can be given soon after a meal . see how and where to inject , below for information . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . if your doctor has switched you from one type or brand of insulin to another , your dose may have to be adjusted by your doctor . when novomix 30 is used in combination with tablets for diabetes and / or with injectable antidiabetic products your dose may have to be adjusted by your doctor . use in children and adolescents novomix 30 can be used in adolescents and children aged 10 years and above when premixed insulin is preferred . limited clinical data exists for children aged 69 years . no data are available for novomix 30 in children below 6 years of age . use in special patient groups if you have reduced kidney or liver function , or if you are above 65 years of age , you need to check your blood sugar more regularly and discuss changes in your insulin dose with your doctor . how and where to inject novomix 30 is for injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). never inject your insulin directly into a vein ( intravenously ) or muscle ( intramuscularly ). novomix 30 penfill is only suitable for injecting under the skin using a reusable pen . speak to your doctor if you need to inject your insulin by another method . with each injection , change the injection site within the particular area of skin that you use . this may reduce the risk of developing lumps or skin pitting ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). the best places to give yourself an injection are : the front of your waist ( abdomen ); your buttocks ; the front of your thighs or upper arms . the insulin will work more quickly if you inject around the waist . you should always measure your blood sugar regularly . do not refill the cartridge . novomix 30 penfill cartridges are designed to be used with novo nordisk insulin delivery systems and novofine or novotwist needles . if you are treated with novomix 30 penfill and another insulin penfill cartridge , you should use two insulin delivery systems , one for each type of insulin . always carry a spare penfill cartridge in case the one in use is lost or damaged . resuspension of novomix 30 always check if there is enough insulin left ( at least 12 units ) in the cartridge to allow even resuspension . if there is not enough insulin left , use a new one . see your pen manual for further instructions . every time you use a new novomix 30 penfill ( before you put the cartridge into the insulin delivery system ) let the insulin reach room temperature before you use it . this makes it easier to resuspend . roll the cartridge between your palms 10 times it is important that the cartridge is kept horizontal ( level with the ground ) ( see picture a ). move the cartridge up and down between positions a and b ( see picture b ) 10 times so that the glass ball moves from one end of the cartridge to the other . repeat the rolling and moving procedures ( see pictures a and b ) until the liquid does appear uniformly white , cloudy and aqueous . do not use the cartridge if the resuspended insulin does not look uniformly white , cloudy and aqueous . complete the other stages of injection without delay . for every following injection 67 move the delivery system with the cartridge inside up and down between a and b ( see picture b ) at least 10 times until the liquid appears uniformly white , cloudy and aqueous . do not use the cartridge if the resuspended insulin does not look uniformly white , cloudy and aqueous . complete the other stages of injection without delay . picture a how to inject novomix 30 inject the insulin under your skin . use the injection technique advised by your doctor or nurse and as described in your pen manual . keep the needle under your skin for at least 6 seconds . keep the push - button fully depressed until the needle has been withdrawn from the skin . this will ensure correct delivery and limit possible flow of blood into the needle or insulin reservoir . after each injection , be sure to remove and discard the needle and store novomix 30 without the needle attached . otherwise the liquid may leak out , which can cause inaccurate dosing . if you take more insulin than you should if you take too much insulin , your blood sugar gets too low ( hypoglycaemia ). see a ) summary of serious and very common side effects in section 4 . if you forget to take your insulin if you forget to take your insulin , your blood sugar may get too high ( hyperglycaemia ). see c ) effects from diabetes in section 4 . if you stop taking your insulin do not stop taking your insulin without speaking with a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . this could lead to very high blood sugar ( severe hyperglycaemia ) and ketoacidosis . see c ) effects from diabetes in section 4 . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
the dose of topotecan you are given will be worked out by your doctor , based on : your body size ( surface area measured in square metres ) the results of blood tests carried out before treatment the disease being treated . the usual dose ovarian and small cell lung cancer : 1 . 5 milligrams per m2 of body surface area per day . you will have treatment once a day for 5 days . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 3 weeks . cervical cancer : 0 . 75 milligrams per m2 of body surface area per day . you will have treatment once a day for 3 days . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 3 weeks . when treating cervical cancer , topotecan hospira is combined with another medicine , called cisplatin . your doctor will determine the correct dose of cisplatin . the treatment may vary , depending on the results of your regular blood tests . how topotecan is given a doctor or nurse will administer topotecan as an infusion into your arm lasting about 30 minutes .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide sun . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and whether you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking temozolomide sun to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme if you are a newly - diagnosed patient , treatment will occur in two phases : - treatment together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase ) first - followed by treatment with temozolomide sun only ( monotherapy phase ). during the concomitant phase , your doctor will start temozolomide sun at a dose of 75 mg / m2 ( usual dose ). you will take this dose every day for 42 to 49 days in combination with radiotherapy . the temozolomide sun dose may be delayed or stopped , depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during the concomitant phase . once the radiotherapy is completed , you will have no treatment for 4 weeks . this will give your body a chance to recover . then , you will start the monotherapy phase . during the monotherapy phase , the dose and way you take temozolomide sun can vary . your doctor will work out your exact dose . there may be up to 6 treatment periods ( cycles ). each one lasts 28 days . the first dose will be 150 mg / m2 . you will take your new dose of temozolomide sun once daily for the first 5 days (" dosing days ") of each cycle . then you will have 23 days without temozolomide sun . this adds up to a 28 - day treatment cycle . after day 28 , the next cycle will begin . you will again take temozolomide sun once daily for 5 days followed by 23 days without temozolomide sun . the temozolomide sun dose may be adjusted , delayed or stopped depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . patients with tumours that have returned or worsened ( malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma ) taking temozolomide sun only a treatment cycle with temozolomide sun lasts 28 days . you will take temozolomide sun only once daily for the first 5 days . this daily dose depends on whether or not you have received chemotherapy before . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide sun will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide sun will be 150 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . then , you will have 23 days without temozolomide sun . this adds up to a 28 - day treatment cycle . after day 28 , the next cycle will begin . you will again receive temozolomide sun once daily for 5 days , followed by 23 days without temozolomide sun . before each new treatment cycle , your blood will be tested to see if the temozolomide sun dose needs to be adjusted . depending on your blood test results , your doctor may adjust your dose for the next cycle . how to take temozolomide sun take your prescribed dose of temozolomide sun once a day , preferably at the same time each day . take the capsules on an empty stomach ; for example , at least one hour before you plan to eat breakfast . swallow the capsule ( s ) whole with a glass of water . do not open , crush or chew the capsules . if a capsule is damaged , avoid contact of the powder with your skin , eyes or nose . if you accidentally get some in your eyes or nose , flush the area with water . depending on the prescribed dose , you may have to take more than one capsule at the same time . you may have to take different strengths to make up the dose . the marking on the capsule is different for each strength ( see table below ). strength imprint temozolomide sun 5 mg hard capsules 890 & 5 mg temozolomide sun 20 mg hard capsules 891 & 20 mg temozolomide sun 100 mg hard capsules 892 & 100 mg temozolomide sun 140 mg hard capsules 929 & 140 mg temozolomide sun 180 mg hard capsules 930 & 180 mg temozolomide sun 250 mg hard capsules 893 & 250 mg you should make sure you fully understand and remember the following : - the number of capsules you need to take every dosing day . ask your doctor or pharmacist to write it down ( including the marking ) - which days are your dosing days . review the dose with your doctor each time you start a new cycle , since it may be different from the last cycle . always take temozolomide sun exactly as your doctor has told you . it is very important to check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . making a mistake in how you take this medicine may have serious health consequences . if you take more temozolomide sun than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide sun capsules than you were told to , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take temozolomide sun take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if a full day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose , unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
quofenix will be given to you by a nurse or doctor via an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . you will be given one infusion of quofenix , containing 300 mg of the medicine , twice a day between 5 and 14 days at the discretion of your doctor . each infusion will last about an hour . your doctor will decide how many days treatment is needed . tell your doctor if you suffer from kidney problems because your dose may need to be adjusted . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . if you are given more quofenix than you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much quofenix . if you miss a dose of quofenix tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day in the morning and evening . the effects of eklira genuair last for 12 hours ; therefore , you should try to use your eklira genuair inhaler at the same time every morning and evening . this ensures that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . it will also help you to remember to use it . the recommended dose can be used for elderly patients and for patients with kidney or liver problems . no dose adjustments are necessary . copd is a long - term disease ; therefore , it is recommended that eklira genuair is used every day , twice a day and not only when breathing problems or other symptoms of copd are experienced . route of administration 27 the medicine is for inhalation use . refer to the instructions for use for instructions on how to use the genuair inhaler . if you are not sure of how to use eklira genuair , contact your doctor or pharmacist . you can use eklira genuair any time before or after food or drink . if you use more eklira genuair than you should if you think you may have used more eklira genuair than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use eklira genuair if you forget a dose of eklira genuair , inhale the dose as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using eklira genuair this medicine is for long - term use . if you want to stop treatment , first talk to your doctor , as your symptoms may worsen . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . this medicine is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine either twice or three times a day . for twice a day take this medicine once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . for three times a day take this medicine once in the morning , once in the afternoon and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin accord than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of this medicine with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more this medicine than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin accord it is important to take your medicine regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin accord do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term pregabalin accord treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , headache , nausea , feeling anxious , diarrhoea , flu - like symptoms , convulsions , nervousness , depression , pain , sweating , and dizziness . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking this medicine for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the amount of ferriprox that you take will depend on your weight . the usual dose is 25 mg / kg , 3 times per day , for a total daily dose of 75 mg / kg . the total daily dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . take your first dose in the morning . take your second dose midday . take your third dose in the evening . ferriprox can be taken with or without food ; however , you may find it easier to remember to take ferriprox if you take it with your meals . if you take more ferriprox than you should there are no reports of acute overdose with ferriprox . if you have accidentally taken more than the prescribed dose , you should contact your doctor . if you forget to take ferriprox ferriprox will be most effective if you do not miss any doses . if you do miss one dose take it as soon as you remember and take your next dose at its regularly scheduled time . if you miss more than one dose do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses , just continue with your normal schedule . do not change your daily dose without first talking to your doctor .
yescarta will always be given to you by a healthcare professional . since yescarta is made from your own white blood cells , your cells will be collected from you to prepare your medicine . your doctor will take some of your blood using a catheter placed in your vein ( a procedure call leukapheresis ). some of your white blood cells are separated from your blood and the rest of your blood is returned to your vein . this can take 3 to 6 hours and may need to be repeated . your white blood cells are frozen and sent away to make yescarta . it usually takes about 3 to 4 weeks to receive your yescarta therapy but the time may vary . medicines given before yescarta treatment during the 30 to 60 minutes before you are given yescarta you may be given other medicines . this is to help prevent infusion reactions and fever . these other medicines may include : paracetamol . an antihistamine such as diphenhydramine . prior to receiving yescarta , you will be given other medicines such as preparative chemotherapy , which will allow your modified white blood cells in yescarta to multiply in your body when the medicine is given to you . your doctor or nurse will check carefully that this medicine is yours . how you are given yescarta yescarta is a one - time treatment . it will not be given to you again . your doctor or nurse will give you a single infusion of yescarta into your vein for approximately 30 minutes . yescarta contains human blood cells . your doctor handling yescarta will therefore take appropriate precautions ( wearing gloves and glasses ) to avoid potential transmission of infectious diseases . you must receive yescarta infusion in a qualified clinical facility and be discharged only when your doctor thinks it is safe for you to go home . your doctor may do blood tests to check for side effects . after you are given yescarta plan to stay within proximity from the hospital where you were treated for at least 4 weeks after you have been given yescarta . your doctor will recommend that you return to the hospital daily for at least 10 days and will consider whether you need to stay at the hospital as an in - patient for the first 10 days after infusion . this is so your doctor can check if your treatment is working and help you if you have any side effects . if you miss any appointments , call your doctor or the qualified clinical facility as soon as possible to reschedule your appointment .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for adults , the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 6 to 8 hours apart ) taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 1 year to 17 years old , the recommended dose is either 10 mg three times a day for children and adolescents ≤ 20 kg or 20 mg three times a day for children and adolescents > 20 kg , taken with or without food . higher doses should not be used in children . this medicine should be used only in case of administration of 20 mg three times a day . other pharmaceutical forms may be more appropriate for administration to patients ≤ 20 kg and other younger patients who are not able to swallow tablets . if you take more mysildecard than you should you should not take more medicine than your doctor tells you to . if you take more medicine than you have been told to take contact your doctor immediately . taking more mysildecard than you should may increase the risk of known side effects . if you forget to take mysildecard if you forget to take mysildecard , take a dose as soon as you remember , then continue to take your medicine at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking mysildecard suddenly stopping your treatment with mysildecard may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking mysildecard unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much empliciti is given the amount of empliciti you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . how empliciti is given you will receive empliciti under the supervision of an experienced healthcare professional . it will be given into a vein ( intravenously ) as a drip ( infusion ) over several hours . empliciti is taken in treatment cycles that are 28 days ( 4 weeks ) long in combination with other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma . when given in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone , empliciti is given as follows : in cycles 1 and 2 , once weekly on days 1 , 8 , 15 , and 22 . in cycles 3 and beyond , once every 2 weeks on days 1 and 15 . when given in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone , empliciti is given as follows : in cycles 1 and 2 , once weekly on days 1 , 8 , 15 , and 22 . in cycles 3 and beyond , once every 4 weeks on day 1 . your doctor will continue to treat you with empliciti for as long as the disease improves or remains stable and side effects are tolerable . medicines given before each infusion you must receive the following medicines before each infusion of empliciti to help reduce possible infusion related reactions : medicine to reduce an allergic reaction ( an anti - histamine ) medicine to reduce inflammation ( dexamethasone ) medicine to reduce pain and fever ( paracetamol ) if you miss a dose of empliciti empliciti is used in combination with other medicines for multiple myeloma . if any medicine in the treatment is delayed , interrupted , or discontinued , your doctor will decide how your treatment should be continued . if you are given too much empliciti as empliciti will be given to you by a healthcare professional , it is unlikely you will be given too much . in the unlikely case of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you stop using empliciti stopping your treatment with empliciti may stop the effect of the medicine . do not stop treatment unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
your doctor has prescribed glivec because you suffer from a serious condition . glivec can help you to fight this condition . however , always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking glivec unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much glivec to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of glivec to take . if you are being treated for cml : depending on your condition the usual starting dose is either 400 mg or 600 mg : - 400 mg to be taken as 8 capsules once a day . - 600 mg to be taken as 12 capsules once a day . if you are being treated for gist : the starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 8 capsules once a day . for cml and gist , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if your daily dose is 800 mg ( 16 capsules ), you should take 8 capsules in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . if you are being treated for ph - positive all : the starting dose is 600 mg to be taken as 12 capsules once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 8 capsules once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 2 capsules once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 400 mg , to be taken as 8 capsules once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for dfsp : the dose is 800 mg per day ( 16 capsules ), to be taken as 8 capsules in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many capsules of glivec to give to your child . the amount of glivec given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 800 mg with cml and 600 mg with ph + all . the treatment can either be given to your child as a once - daily dose or alternatively the daily dose can be split into two administrations ( half in the morning and half in the evening ). when and how to take glivec - take glivec with a meal . this will help protect you from stomach problems when taking glivec . - swallow the capsules whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the capsules unless you have difficulty in swallowing ( e . g . in children ). - if you are unable to swallow the capsules , you can open them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . - if you are a woman who is pregnant or might get pregnant and are trying to open the capsules , you should handle the contents with caution in order to avoid skin - eye contact or inhalation . you should wash your hands immediately after opening the capsules . how long to take glivec keep taking glivec every day for as long as your doctor tells you . if you take more glivec than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take glivec - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mycamine must be prepared and given to you by a doctor or another healthcare professional . mycamine should be administered once daily by slow intravenous ( into a vein ) infusion . your doctor will determine how much mycamine you will receive each day . use in adults , adolescents ≥ 16 years of age and elderly - the usual dose to treat an invasive candida infection is 100 mg per day for patients weighing 40 kg or more and 2 mg / kg per day for patients weighing 40 kg or less . - the dose to treat a candida infection of the oesophagus is 150 mg for patients weighing more than 40 kg and 3 mg / kg per day for patients weighing 40 kg or less . - the usual dose to prevent invasive candida infections is 50 mg per day for patients weighing more than 40 kg and 1 mg / kg per day for patients weighing 40 kg or less . use in children > 4 months of age and adolescents < 16 years of age - the usual dose to treat an invasive candida infection is 100 mg per day for patients weighing 40 kg or more and 2 mg / kg per day for patients weighing 40 kg or less . - the usual dose to prevent invasive candida infections is 50 mg per day for patients weighing more than 40 kg and 1 mg / kg per day for patients weighing 40 kg or less . use in children and newborns < 4 months of age - the usual dose to treat an invasive candida infection is 4 - 10 mg / kg per day . - the usual dose to prevent invasive candida infections is 2 mg / kg per day . if you receive more mycamine than you should your doctor monitors your response and condition to determine what dose of mycamine is needed . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much mycamine , speak to your doctor or another healthcare professional immediately . if you miss a dose of mycamine your doctor monitors your response and condition to determine what mycamine treatment is needed . however , if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose , speak to your doctor or another healthcare professional immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . only use nevanac for your eyes . do not swallow or inject . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , three times a day - morning , midday , and evening . use at the same time each day . when to take and for how long begin 1 day before cataract surgery . continue on the day of surgery . then use it for as long as your doctor tells you to . this may be up to 3 weeks ( to prevent and relieve eye pain and inflammation ) or 60 days ( to prevent the development of macular oedema ) after your operation . how to use wash your hands before you start . 1 2 - shake well before use . twist off the bottle cap . after cap is removed , if tamper evident snap collar is loose , remove before using product . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . do this in front of a mirror if it helps . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of nevanac at a time . do not squeeze the bottle : it is designed so that a gentle press on the bottom is all that it needs ( picture 2 ). if you use drops in both eyes , repeat the steps for your other eye . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after use . if a drop misses your eye , try again . if you are using other eye drops , wait at least five minutes between using nevanac and the other drops . if you use more nevanac than you should rinse your eye out with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use nevanac use a single dose as soon as you remember . if it is almost time for the next dose , leave out the missed dose and continue with the next dose of your regular routine . do not use a double dose to make up for a missed dose . do not use more than one drop in the affected eye ( s ) 3 times daily . if you stop using nevanac do not stop using nevanac without speaking to your doctor first . you can usually carry on using the drops , unless you experience serious side effects . if you are worried talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . how much do i use ? inhale the contents of one ampoule ( 240 mg ) twice a day using the zirela nebuliser system . it takes about 5 minutes to inhale the medicine using the nebuliser . when do i use it ? inhaling quinsair at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . inhale your medicine as follows : - 1 ampoule in the morning using the zirela nebuliser - 1 ampoule in the evening using the zirela nebuliser it is best to leave close to 12 hours between your doses . how long do i use it for ? you use quinsair every day for 28 days , then take a 28 - day break , during which you do not inhale any quinsair . you then start another treatment course . it is important that you keep using the medicine twice a day during your 28 days on treatment and that you keep to the 28 - days on , 28 - days off cycle for as long as your doctor tells you to . if you experience breathing difficulties when you use quinsair what additional medicine may your doctor prescribe for you ? if you experience breathing difficulties after using quinsair , your doctor may prescribe you an inhaler containing a bronchodilator medicine ( e . g . salbutamol ). inhale this medicine at least 15 minutes or up to 4 hours before your next dose of quinsair . what if i am using several different inhalers and other therapies for cystic fibrosis ? if you are using several different inhaled treatments and other therapies for cystic fibrosis , it is recommended that you use your medicines in the following order : 1st bronchodilators 2nd dornase alfa 3rd airway clearance techniques 4th quinsair 5th inhaled steroids how to use it quinsair should be taken by inhalation using a zirela nebuliser handset ( including a zirela aerosol head ). this should be connected to either an ebase controller or an eflow rapid control unit . important information to know before you start - each ampoule is for single use only . once an ampoule is opened , the contents should be used immediately . - do not use quinsair if you notice that the sealed foil sachet or ampoules have been tampered with . - do not use quinsair if you notice that it is cloudy or there are particles in the solution . - do not mix quinsair with any other medicines in the zirela nebuliser handset . - do not put any medicines other than quinsair in the zirela nebuliser handset . - do not try to inhale quinsair using any other type of nebuliser handset . - check that your zirela nebuliser system works properly before starting your treatment . - do not swallow the liquid in the ampoule . carefully read the manufacturer ' s instructions for use , provided with your zirela nebuliser handset . how do i prepare my nebuliser system to inhale the medicine ? keep the zirela instructions for use in a safe place as they give full details on assembling the device . 1 ) make sure that the zirela nebuliser handset is on a flat and stable surface . on quinsair use it twice a day for 28 days off quinsair do not use it for the next 28 days repeat cycle 37 2 ) squeeze all of the contents of one ampoule into the medicine reservoir of the zirela nebuliser handset ( figure 1 ). ensure that you completely empty the ampoule , gently tapping it against the side of the reservoir if necessary . figure 1 3 ) close the medicine reservoir by aligning the tabs of the medicine cap with the slots of the reservoir ( a ). press down and turn the cap clockwise as far as it will go ( b , figure 2 ). figure 2 how do i use the zirela nebuliser system ? 1 ) when you start your treatment , sit in a relaxed , upright position . 2 ) hold the handset level , press and hold the on / off button on the controller for a few seconds . you will hear one ' beep ' and the status light will turn green . 3 ) after a few seconds , an aerosol mist will begin to flow into the aerosol chamber of the zirela nebuliser handset . if aerosol mist does not begin to flow , please refer to the zirela manufacturer ' s instructions for use for help . 4 ) keeping the handset level , place the mouthpiece in your mouth and close your lips around it ( figure 3 ). figure 3 5 ) breathe normally ( inhale and exhale ) through the mouthpiece . try not to breathe through your nose . continue to inhale and exhale comfortably until the treatment is finished . it takes about 5 minutes to inhale the medicine using the nebuliser . 6 ) when all of the medicine has been delivered , you will hear two ' beeps ', which means the treatment is complete . 7 ) once complete , open the medicine cap to ensure all of the medicine has been used . a few drops of medicine may remain at the bottom of the reservoir at the end of treatment . this is ok . however if there are more than a few drops left , replace the medicine cap and restart treatment , from step 1 . 8 ) once treatment is complete , disconnect the controller and take apart the zirela nebuliser handset for cleaning and disinfecting . the manufacturer ' s instructions for use will give full details on cleaning and disinfecting . what if i need to stop my treatment before i ' ve finished ? if for any reason you must stop the treatment before it ' s finished , press and hold the controller ' s on / off button for one second . after it has completely turned itself off and when you are ready to restart , press and hold the on / off button for one second again . treatment will restart . you must inhale and exhale through the mouthpiece as before . how and when do i replace the zirela nebuliser handset ? one nebuliser handset should be used for one 28 - day treatment course . please refer to the manufacturer ' s instructions for use for cleaning and storage advice . if you use more quinsair than you should if you have used more quinsair than you should , tell your doctor as soon as possible . you may experience symptoms like irregular heart beat , which needs to be checked by your doctor . if the contents of the ampoule are swallowed , don ' t worry but tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use quinsair if you forget a dose , use it as soon as you remember as long as there is an 8 - hour interval before inhaling the next dose . however if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not inhale the contents of more than one ampoule to make up for a missed dose . if you stop using quinsair do not stop using quinsair without first talking to your doctor as your lung infection may worsen . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
onivyde pegylated liposomal must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in giving anticancer medicines carefully follow all instructions given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide upon the doses you will receive . onivyde pegylated liposomal is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein , which should take at least 90 minutes and should be given as a single dose . after you have been given onivyde pegylated liposomal you will be given two other medicines , leucovorin and 5 - fluorouracil . the treatment will be repeated every two weeks . in certain cases , lower doses or longer dosing intervals may be required . you may receive pre - medication against nausea and vomiting . if you have experienced sweating , abdominal cramping and salivation together with early frequent and liquid stools in previous treatments with onivyde pegylated liposomal , you may receive additional medicines before onivyde pegylated liposomal to prevent or reduce this in the following treament cycles . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose of steglatro is one 5 - mg tablet each day . your doctor will decide whether to increase your dose to 15 mg . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet ; if you have difficulties with swallowing , the tablet can be broken or crushed . take one tablet every morning . try to take it at the same time ; this will help you remember to take it . you can take your tablet with or without food . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while taking steglatro . if you take more steglatro than you should if you take too much steglatro , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take steglatro if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking steglatro do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor . your blood sugar levels may increase if you stop the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . recommended dose for adults : one tablet each day by mouth , with food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . tybost must be taken with atazanavir ( 300 mg ) or darunavir ( 800 mg ). recommended dose for adolescents 12 to less than 18 years of age : one tablet each day by mouth , with food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . when taking tybost with atazanavir ( 300 mg ), adolescents must weigh at least 35 kg . when taking tybost with darunavir ( 800 mg ), adolescents must weigh at least 40 kg . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you take more tybost than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose of tybost you may be at increased risk of experiencing side effects with this medicine ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take tybost it is important not to miss a dose of tybost . if you do miss a dose and notice : within 12 hours of the time you usually take tybost , you must take the tablet as soon as possible . always take the tablet with food . then take the next dose as usual in combination with atazanavir or darunavir . 12 hours or more after the time you usually take tybost , then do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose , with food , at your usual time . do not stop taking tybost do not stop taking tybost without talking to your doctor . stopping tybost and atazanavir or darunavir may reduce the success of future treatments prescribed by your doctor . always keep enough tybost so you don ' t run out . when your supply of tybost starts to run low , get more from your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
dose always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . based on your life - style and the results of your blood sugar ( glucose ) tests , your doctor will - determine how much insulin human winthrop rapid per day you will need , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of insulin human winthrop rapid . many factors may influence your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . frequency of administration insulin human winthrop rapid is injected under the skin 15 to 20 minutes before a meal . method of administration insulin human winthrop rapid is a solution for injection under the skin or , in exceptional circumstances , into a vein ( blood vessel ). your doctor will show you in which area of the skin you should inject your insulin . with each injection , change the puncture site within the particular area of skin that you are using . insulin administration into a vein for example to treat severe hyperglycaemia and ketoacidosis , requires experience and special safety precautions . for these reasons , it must be done in a clinic or a similar setting . do not use insulin human winthrop rapid in insulin pumps special insulin preparations are available for use in such devices . also do not use it in peristaltic pumps with silicone tubing . how to handle the vials insulin human winthrop rapid contains 100 iu insulin per ml . only injection syringes designed for this insulin concentration ( 100 iu per ml ) must be used . the injection syringes must not contain any other medicines or traces of medicines ( such as traces of heparin ). before the first withdrawal of insulin you must remove the safety tear - off cap on the vial . insulin human winthrop rapid must only be used if the solution is clear , colourless , with no solid particles visible , and has a water - like consistency . do not shake the vial vigorously as this could cause froth to form . froth can make it difficult for you to measure the correct dose . special care before injection before injection remove any air bubbles . make sure that neither alcohol nor other disinfectants or other substances contaminate the insulin . do not mix insulin with any other medicines except with insulin human preparations as detailed below . insulin human winthrop rapid may be mixed with all insulin human preparations , except those specially designed for use in insulin pumps . also , it must not be mixed with animal source insulins or insulin analogues . your doctor will tell you if you have to mix insulin human preparations . if you need to inject a mixture , draw insulin human winthrop rapid into the injection syringe before the other insulin . inject as soon as you have mixed them . do not mix insulins of different strengths ( for example 100 iu per ml and 40 iu per ml ). if you use more insulin human winthrop rapid than you should - if you have injected too much insulin human winthrop rapid , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hypoglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of hypoglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use insulin human winthrop rapid - if you have missed a dose of insulin human winthrop rapid or if you have not injected enough insulin , your blood sugar level may become too high ( hyperglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . for information on the treatment of hyperglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using insulin human winthrop rapid this could lead to severe hyperglycaemia ( very high blood sugar ) and ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). do not stop insulin human winthrop rapid without speaking to a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . insulin mix - ups you must always check the insulin label before each injection to avoid mix - ups between insulin human winthrop rapid and other insulins .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . you should check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . isentress must be used in combination with other medicines for hiv . how much to take adults the recommended dose is 1 tablet ( 400 mg ) by mouth twice a day . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose of isentress is 400 mg by mouth , twice a day for adolescents and children weighing at least 25 kg . do not chew , crush or split the tablets because it may change the level of medicine in your body . this medicine can be taken with or without food or drink . isentress is also available in a 600 mg tablet , a chewable tablet and in granules for oral suspension . do not switch between the 400 mg tablet , the 600 mg tablet , chewable tablet or granules for oral suspension without first talking with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you take more isentress than you should do not take more tablets than the doctor recommends . if you do take too many tablets , contact your doctor . if you forget to take isentress if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking isentress it is important that you take isentress exactly as your doctor has instructed . do not change the dose or stop taking this medicine without first talking with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . do not stop taking it because : it is very important to take all your hiv medicines as prescribed and at the right times of day . this can help your medicines work better . it also lowers the chance that your medicines will stop being able to fight hiv ( also called " drug resistance "). when your supply of isentress starts to run low , get more from your doctor or pharmacy . this is because it is very important not to be without the medicine , even for a short time . during a short break in taking the medicine the amount of virus in your blood may increase . this may mean that the hiv virus will develop resistance to isentress and become harder to treat . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
fasturtec is to be given to you before or during the start of your course of chemotherapy . fasturtec is injected slowly into a vein , which should take about 30 minutes . your dose will be calculated according to your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 20 mg per kg of body weight per day in both children and adults . it will be given once a day , for up to 7 days . during treatment with fasturtec , your doctor will carry out blood tests to check the levels of uric acid and decide how long you will be treated for . your doctor may also test your blood to make sure that you do not develop any blood disorders . if you are given more fasturtec than you should be if it does occur , the doctor will closely monitor the effects on your red blood cells and treat any symptoms that follow . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or hospital pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of valdoxan is one tablet ( 25 mg ) at bedtime . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher dose ( 50 mg ), i . e . two tablets to be taken together at bedtime . method of administration valdoxan is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet with a drink of water . valdoxan can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment valdoxan starts to act on symptoms of depression in most depressed people within two weeks of starting treatment . your depression should be treated for a sufficient period of at least 6 months to ensure that you are free of symptoms . your doctor may continue to give you valdoxan when you are feeling better to prevent your depression from returning . if you have trouble with your kidneys , your doctor will make an individual evaluation of whether it is safe for you to take valdoxan . surveillance of the liver function ( see also section 2 ): your doctor will run laboratory tests to check that your liver is working properly before starting treatment and then periodically during treatment , usually after 3 weeks , 6 weeks , 12 weeks and 24 weeks . if your doctor increase the dose to 50mg , laboratory tests should be performed at this initiation and then periodically during treatment , usually after 3 weeks , 6 weeks , 12 weeks and 24 weeks . thereafter tests will be taken if the doctor finds it necessary . you must not use valdoxan if your liver does not work properly . how to switch from an antidepressant medicine ( ssri / snri ) to valdoxan ? if your doctor changes your previous antidepressant medicine from an ssri or snri to valdoxan , he / she will advise you on how you should discontinue your previous medicine when starting valdoxan . you may experience discontinuation symptoms related to stopping of your previous medicine for a few weeks , even if the dose of your previous antidepressant medicine is decreased gradually . discontinuation symptoms include : dizziness , numbness , sleep disturbances , agitation or anxiety , headaches , feeling sick , being sick and shaking . these effects are usually mild to moderate and disappear spontaneously within a few days . if valdoxan is initiated while tapering the dosage of the previous medicine , possible discontinuation symptoms should not be confounded with a lack of early effect of valdoxan . you should discuss with your doctor on the best way of stopping your previous antidepressant medicine when starting valdoxan . if you take more valdoxan than you should if you have taken more valdoxan than you should , or if for example a child has taken medicine by accident , contact your doctor immediately . the experience of overdoses with valdoxan is limited but reported symptoms include pain in the upper part of the stomach , somnolence , fatigue , agitation , anxiety , tension , dizziness , cyanosis or malaise . if you forget to take valdoxan do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just carry on with the next dose at the usual time . the calendar printed on the blister containing the tablets should help you remembering when you last took a tablet of valdoxan . if you stop taking valdoxan do not stop taking your medicine without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the use of veraseal is restricted to experienced surgeons who have been trained in the use of veraseal . the surgeon will apply veraseal to the surface of blood vessels or to the tissue surface of internal organs using an application device during the course of the operation . this device allows equal amounts of the two components of veraseal to be administered at the same time , and ensures that they mix evenly , which is important for the sealant to work at its best . the amount of veraseal that will be applied depends on a number of factors , including the type of surgery , the size of the area to be treated during your operation and the way veraseal is applied . the surgeon will decide how much is appropriate , and will apply just enough to form a thin , even layer . if it does not seem to be enough , a second layer can be applied .
your doctor has prescribed imatinib actavis because you suffer from a serious condition . imatinib actavis can help you to fight this condition . however , always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking imatinib actavis unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much imatinib actavis to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of imatinib actavis to take . - if you are being treated for cml : the usual starting dose is 600 mg to be taken as 12 capsules once a day . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if your daily dose is 800 mg ( 16 capsules ), you should take 8 capsules in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . - if you are being treated for ph - positive all : the starting dose is 600 mg to be taken as 12 capsules once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 8 capsules once a day . - if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 2 capsules once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 400 mg , to be taken as 8 capsules once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . - if you are being treated for dfsp : the dose is 800 mg per day ( 16 capsules ), to be taken as 8 capsules in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many capsules of imatinib actavis to give to your child . the amount of imatinib actavis given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 800 mg with cml and 600 mg with ph + all . the treatment can either be given to your child as a once - daily dose or alternatively the daily dose can be split into two administrations ( half in the morning and half in the evening ). when and how to take imatinib actavis - take imatinib actavis with a meal . this will help protect you from stomach problems when taking imatinib actavis . - swallow the capsules whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the capsules unless you have difficulty in swallowing ( e . g . in children ). - if you are unable to swallow the capsules , you can open them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . - if you are a woman who is pregnant or might get pregnant and are trying to open the capsules , you should handle the contents with caution in order to avoid skin - eye contact or inhalation . you should wash your hands immediately after opening the capsules . how long to take imatinib actavis keep taking imatinib actavis every day for as long as your doctor tells you . if you take more imatinib actavis than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take imatinib actavis - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . before starting inbrija , you must be taking regular treatment for parkinson ' s disease combining a so - called dopa - decarboxylase inhibitor with levodopa . the recommended dose of inbrija is 2 capsules to treat each off period . do not use more than 2 capsules for each off period . you can use 2 capsules up to five times a day . the maximum dose of inbrija is 10 capsules per day . important information before you use inbrija : - inbrija capsules must not be swallowed . - this medicine is for use by inhalation only . - the capsules must only be removed from the blister pack immediately before use . - two capsules of medicine should be inhaled to get the full dose . - the medicine must be used only with the inbrija inhaler device . - when you open a new carton , always use the new inhaler supplied . - your doctor or pharmacist will show you how to use your medicine correctly . please see the " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet on how to use your medicine with the provided inhaler . if you use more inbrija than you should if you use more inbrija than you should ( or someone accidentally swallows inbrija ) get medical help immediately . you may feel confused or agitated , and your heart rate may be slower or faster than normal . if you forget to use inbrija use inbrija only during an off period . if the off period has passed , do not use inbrija until the next off period . if you stop using inbrija do not stop using inbrija without checking with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will give you instructions for proper dosing . the dose for adults is 24 ml once daily . the dose for stocrin may need to be increased or decreased if you are also taking certain medicines ( see other medicines and stocrin ). stocrin oral solution may be taken with or without food . the dose of stocrin oral solution in mg is not the same as for stocrin film - coated tablets . stocrin must be taken every day . stocrin should never be used alone to treat hiv . stocrin must always be taken in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . the dose of stocrin oral solution must be measured using the oral syringe supplied in the carton . on first use , the bottle adapter must be fitted into the neck of the bottle . to do this , remove the child - resistant cap and the foil seal . the bottle adapter , which is already fixed to the nozzle of the syringe , can then be fitted into the neck of the bottle and pressed firmly down . separate the syringe from the adapter . the adapter should now fit closely to the neck so that the cap can be replaced without removing it . with the bottle upright , fit the tip of the syringe into the bottle adapter . turn the bottle upside down with the syringe still in place . hold the bottle and the syringe firmly in one hand and with the other hand pull back the plunger slightly beyond the mark for the dose required . if air bubbles appear in the syringe , keep the bottle upside down and slowly push in the plunger and pull it back again . repeat until there are no bubbles in the syringe . to measure the dose accurately , keep the bottle upside down and push the plunger in slowly until the top of the black ring ( the edge nearest the syringe tip ) lines up with the dose . turn the bottle the right way up and remove the syringe . wipe the adapter and replace the cap tightly over it . before giving the dose of the oral solution make sure that the patient is sitting or standing upright . put the tip of the syringe just inside the mouth , pointing it towards the cheek . press the plunger slowly to allow time for the medicine to be swallowed . rapid squirting into the mouth may cause choking . after use , soak the syringe in warm soapy water for at least a minute . draw the warm soapy water into the syringe until full and then empty completely . repeat at least three times . remove the plunger rod from the barrel and thoroughly rinse both parts with warm running water . if parts of the syringe are not clean , repeat the cleaning instructions . allow the parts to dry completely prior to reassembly . do not put the syringe in a dishwasher . use in children and adolescents the dose for children weighing 40 kg or more is 24 ml once daily . the dose for children weighing less than 40 kg is calculated by body weight and is taken once daily as shown below : body weight stocrin oral solution ( 30 mg / ml ) kg dose ( ml ) 3 - < 5 years 5 years or more 13 to < 15 12 9 15 to < 20 13 10 20 to < 25 15 12 25 to < 32 . 5 17 15 32 . 5 to < 40 - 17 40 - 24 if you take more stocrin than you should if you take too much stocrin contact your doctor or nearest emergency department for advice . keep the medicine container with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take stocrin try not to miss a dose . if you do miss a dose , take the next dose as soon as possible , but do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you need help in planning the best times to take your medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking stocrin when your stocrin supply starts to run low , get more from your doctor or pharmacist . this is very important because the amount of virus may start to increase if the medicine is stopped for even a short time . the virus may then become harder to treat . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 1 pre - filled syringe ( 250 micrograms / 0 . 5 ml ) given as a single injection . your doctor will have explained exactly when to give the injection . using this medicine ovitrelle is intended for subcutaneous use that means given by injection under the skin . each pre - filled syringe is for single use only . only clear solution without particles should be used . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the ovitrelle pre - filled syringe to inject the medicine . inject ovitrelle as your doctor or nurse taught you . after the injection , dispose of the used syringe safely . if you administer ovitrelle to yourself , please carefully read the following instructions : 1 . wash your hands . it is important that your hands and the items you use are as clean as possible . 2 . assemble everything you need . please note that alcohol swabs are not contained in the package . find a clean area and lay out everything : - two alcohol swabs , - one pre - filled syringe containing the medicinal product . 3 . injection : immediately inject the solution : your doctor or nurse will have already advised you where to inject ( e . g . tummy , front of thigh ). wipe the chosen area with an alcohol swab . firmly pinch the skin together and insert the needle for injection at a 45 ° to 90 ° angle using a dart - like motion . inject under the skin , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a vein . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . take as much time as you need to inject all the solution . immediately withdraw the needle and clean the skin with an alcohol swab using a circular motion . 4 . dispose of all used items : once you have finished your injection , immediately discard the empty syringe in a sharps container . any unused solution must be discarded . if you use more ovitrelle than you should the effects of an overdose of ovitrelle are unknown , nevertheless there is a possibility that ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) may occur , which is further described in section 4 . if you forget to use ovitrelle if you forget to use ovitrelle , please talk to your doctor as soon as you notice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with the doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . it may take a while to find the best dose of inovelon for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will depend on your age , weight and whether you are taking inovelon with another medicine called valproate . children aged between 1 and 4 years of age the recommended starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . taken in two equal doses , half in the morning and the other half in the evening . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight , every third day . the maximum daily dose will depend on whether or not you are also taking valproate . maximum daily dose not taking valproate is 45 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . maximum daily dose taking valproate is 30 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . children 4 years of age or older weighing less than 30 kg the recommended starting dose is 200 mg a day . taken in two equal doses , half in the morning and the other half in the evening . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 200 mg every third day . the maximum daily dose will depend on whether or not you are also taking valproate . maximum daily dose not taking valproate is 1 , 000 mg each day . maximum daily dose taking valproate is 600 mg each day . adults , adolescents and children weighing 30 kg or over the recommended starting dose is 400 mg a day . taken in two equal doses , half in the morning and the other half in the evening . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 400 mg every other day . the maximum daily dose will depend on whether or not you are also taking valproate . maximum daily dose not taking valproate is no more than 3 , 200 mg , depending on body weight . maximum daily dose taking valproate is no more than 2 , 200 mg , depending on body weight . some patients may respond to lower doses and your doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you experience side effects , your doctor may increase the dose more slowly . inovelon tablets must be taken twice daily with water , in the morning and in the evening . inovelon should be taken with food . if you have difficulty swallowing , you can crush the tablet , then mix the powder in about half a glass ( 100 ml ) of water and drink immediately . you can also break the tablets into two equal halves and swallow with water . do not reduce the dose or stop this medicine unless the doctor tells you to . if you take more inovelon than you should if you may have taken more inovelon than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist immediately , or contact your nearest hospital casualty department , taking the medicine with you . if you forget to take inovelon if you forget to take a dose , continue taking the medicine as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . if you miss taking more than one dose , seek advice from the doctor . if you stop taking inovelon if the doctor advises stopping treatment , follow their instructions concerning the gradual reduction of inovelon in order to lower the risk of an increase in seizures . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask the doctor or pharmacist .
how much to take always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of mektovi is 45 mg ( 3 tablets of 15 mg ) twice daily , taken about 12 hours apart ( corresponding to a daily dose of 90 mg ). you will also receive treatment with another medicine , encorafenib . if you get serious side effects ( such as heart , eye or skin problems ) your doctor may lower the dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take mektovi swallow the tablets whole with water . mektovi can be taken with food or between meals . if you are sick if you vomit at any time after taking mektovi , do not take an additional dose . take the next dose as scheduled . if you take more mektovi than you should if you take more tablets than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straightaway . if possible , show them this leaflet and the medicine package . if you forget to take mektovi if you miss a dose of mektovi , take it as soon as you remember . however , if the missed dose is more than 6 hours late , skip that dose and take your next dose at the usual time . then continue taking your tablets at regular times as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking mektovi it is important to take mektovi for as long as your doctor prescribes it . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day . if you are over 75 years old or if you have kidney problems , your doctor may recommend a dose of one 100 mg tablet once a day . talk to your doctor if you have severe liver problems , as jyseleca is not recommended for you . swallow your tablet with a glass of water . do not split , crush , or chew the tablet before swallowing as it may change how much medicine gets into your body . you can take jyseleca with food or between meals . do not swallow the desiccant . take jyseleca at the same time every day . this will help you to remember to take the tablets . your doctor may stop treatment temporarily or permanently if blood tests show a low white or red blood cell count . if you take more jyseleca than you should if you take more tablets than you should , tell your doctor straight away . if you forget to take jyseleca if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you have gone a whole day ( 24 hours ) without taking a dose , just skip the missed dose and take a single dose at your usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking jyseleca if you stop taking jyseleca , tell your doctor straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much and how often beovu is given the recommended dose is 6 mg brolucizumab . - you will be treated with one injection every month for the first 3 months . - after that , you may get one injection every 3 months . your doctor will determine your treatment interval based on the condition of your eye ; some patients may need treatment every 2 months . method of administration beovu is given as an injection into your eye ( intravitreal use ) by an eye doctor . before the injection , your doctor will clean your eye carefully , to prevent infection . your doctor will also give you an eye drop ( local anaesthetic ) to numb the eye to reduce or prevent pain from the injection . how long does beovu treatment last for wet amd is a chronic disease and it therefore needs long - term treatment with this medicine , possibly continuing for months or years . your doctor will check that the treatment is working during your regular scheduled visits . your doctor may also check on your eyes between injections . if you have questions about how long you will receive beovu , talk to your doctor . before stopping beovu treatment speak with your doctor before stopping treatment . stopping treatment may increase your risk of vision loss and your vision may worsen . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . for the first then , 3 months 1 injection per month 1 injection every 3 months or as recommended by your doctor 33
before giving you azacitidine accord , your doctor will give you another medicine to prevent nausea and vomiting at the start of each treatment cycle . - the recommended dose is 75 mg per m2 body surface area . your doctor will decide your dose of this medicine , depending on your general condition , height and weight . your doctor will check your progress and may change your dose if necessary . - azacitidine accord is given every day for one week , followed by a rest period of 3 weeks . this " treatment cycle " will be repeated every 4 weeks . you will usually receive at least 6 treatment cycles . this medicine will be given to you as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by a doctor or nurse . it may be given under the skin on your thigh , tummy or upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rapilysin is usually given in a hospital . the medicine is supplied in vials as a powder for injection . before use , the powder for injection must be dissolved in the water for injection supplied in the prefilled syringe that is in the package . do not add any other medicines . the resulting solution must be used immediately . the solution must be examined to ensure that only clear , colourless solution is injected . if the solution is not clear and colourless it should be thrown away . treatment with rapilysin 10 u should be started as soon as possible after the symptoms of heart attack begin . heparin and rapilysin cannot be mixed in the same solution . other medicines may also not mix well with rapilysin . no other medicines should be added to the injection solution ( see below ). rapilysin should be injected preferably through an intravenous line that is used only for the injection of rapilysin . no other medicines should be injected through the line reserved for rapilysin , either at the same time , or before or after rapilysin injection . this applies to all medicines including heparin and acetylsalicylic acid , which are given before and after rapilysin to reduce the risk of new blood clots forming . if the same line has to be used , this line ( including y - line ) must be flushed thoroughly with a 0 . 9 % sodium chloride or 5 % glucose solution before and after the rapilysin injection . dosage of rapilysin rapilysin is given as a 10 u injection followed by a second 10 u injection 30 minutes later ( double bolus ). each injection should be given slowly within 2 minutes . the injection must not be given mistakenly outside the vein . therefore , be sure to tell the medical staff if you experience pain during the injection . heparin and acetylsalicylic acid are given before and after rapilysin to reduce the risk of new blood clots forming . dosage of heparin the recommended dose of heparin is 5000 i . u . given as a single injection before rapilysin , followed by an infusion of 1000 i . u . per hour starting after the second rapilysin injection . heparin should be given for at least 24 hours , preferably for 48 - 72 hours , in order to keep aptt values 1 . 5 to 2 times normal . dosage of acetylsalicylic acid the dose of acetylsalicylic acid given before rapilysin should be at least 250 mg - 350 mg and should be followed by 75 - 150 mg / day , at least until discharge from hospital . if more rapilysin is used than recommended in the event of overdosage there may be an increased risk of bleeding .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage 20 the daily dose of pheburane will be based on your body weight or body surface and adjusted according to your protein tolerance and diet . you will need regular blood tests to determine the correct daily dose . your doctor will tell you the amount of granules you should take . method of administration you should take pheburane by mouth . because it dissolves slowly , pheburane should not be administered through a gastrostomy ( tube that goes through the abdomen to the stomach ) or through a nasogastric tube ( tube that goes through the nose to the stomach ). pheburane must be taken with a special diet reduced in protein . you should take pheburane with each meal or feeding . in small children this can be 4 to 6 times per day . a calibrating measuring spoon which dispenses up to 3 g of sodium phenylbutyrate is provided with the medicine . only use this measuring spoon to measure out the dose . to measure the dose : lines on the spoon indicate the amount ( in gram of sodium phenylbutyrate ). take the correct amount as prescribed by your doctor . pour granules directly into the spoon as shown by the picture ( on the outer carton and at the end of / page 2 of this leaflet ) tap the spoon once on a table to give a horizontal level of granules and continue filling if necessary the granules can be directly swallowed with a drink ( water , fruit juices , protein - free infant formulas ) or sprinkled on to a spoonful of solid foods ( mashed potatoes or apple sauce ). if you mix them with food , it is important that you take it immediately . this will keep the granules from producing any taste . you will need to take this medicine and to follow a diet throughout your life . if you take more pheburane than you should patients who have taken very high doses of sodium phenylbutyrate experienced : sleepiness , tiredness , light - headedness and less frequently confusion , headache , changes in taste ( taste disturbances ), decrease in hearing , disorientation , impaired memory , worsening of existing neurological conditions . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should immediately contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department for supportive treatment . if you forget to take pheburane you should take a dose as soon as possible with your next meal . make sure that there are at least 3 hours between two doses . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not change the dose or schedule for taking revolade unless your doctor or pharmacist advises you to . while you are taking revolade , you will be under the care of a doctor with specialist experience in treating your condition . how much to take for itp adults and children ( 6 to 17 years ) the usual starting dose for itp is one 50 mg tablet of revolade a day . if you are of asian origin ( chinese , japanese , taiwanese , thai or korean ) you may need to start at a lower dose of 25 mg . children ( 1 to 5 years ) — the usual starting dose for itp is one 25 mg tablet of revolade a day . for hepatitis c adults - the usual starting dose for hepatitis c is one 25 mg tablet of revolade a day . if you are of asian origin ( chinese , japanese , taiwanese , thai or korean ) you will start on the same 25 mg dose . for saa adults - the usual starting dose for saa is one 50 mg tablet of revolade a day . if you are of asian origin ( chinese , japanese , taiwanese , thai or korean ) you may need to start at a lower dose of 25 mg . revolade may take 1 to 2 weeks to work . based on your response to revolade your doctor may recommend that your daily dose is changed . how to take the tablets swallow the tablet whole , with some water . when to take it make sure that in the 4 hours before you take revolade and the 2 hours after you take revolade you don ' t consume any of the following : dairy foods such as cheese , butter , yoghurt or ice cream milk or milk shakes , drinks containing milk , yoghurt or cream antacids , a type of medicine for indigestion and heartburn some mineral and vitamin supplements including iron , calcium , magnesium , aluminium , selenium and zinc if you do , the medicine will not be properly absorbed into your body . for more advice about suitable foods and drinks , talk to your doctor . if you take more revolade than you should contact a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if possible show them the pack , or this leaflet . youwill be monitored for any signs or symptoms of side effects and given appropriate treatment immediately . if you forget to take revolade take the next dose at the usual time . do not take more than one dose of revolade in one day . if you stop taking revolade don ' t stop taking revolade without talking to your doctor . if your doctor advises you to stop treatment , your platelet count will then be checked each week for four weeks . see also ' bleeding or bruising after you stop treatment ' in section 4 . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . no dairy products , antacids or mineral supplements take revolade for 4 hours before you take revolade ... ... and for 2 hours after 106
always follow the instructions exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the dose depends on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the maximum dose is 3 mg per kg of body weight . cinqaero will be given every 4 weeks . you will be given cinqaero by a doctor or nurse as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . the infusion will take about 20 to 50 minutes . it may take more than one dose before your asthma symptoms improve . your doctor or nurse will watch you closely during and after your infusion for signs of an allergic reaction . if you miss your scheduled dose of cinqaero if you miss a scheduled dose of cinqaero , ask your doctor when to schedule your next treatment . if you stop using cinqaero do not stop treatment with cinqaero unless your doctor tells you to , even if you feel better . interrupting or stopping treatment with this medicine may cause your asthma symptoms to come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
only doctors that have been appropriately trained in the correct use of xiapex and are experienced in the management of dupuytren ' s or peyronie ' s disease are allowed to give you treatment . you will be given xiapex as an injection directly into the area that is causing your finger / penis to bend ( intralesional injection ). your doctor will perform all injections of xiapex . the recommended dose of your prescribed medicine is 0 . 58 mg . dupuytren ' s contracture the total volume of the injection depends on the joint being treated . your doctor will carefully select an area where the collagen cord is best accessible and will proceed with the injection into the cord . after the injection , your doctor will place a dressing on your hand . you must limit motion of the treated finger for a day and it is not uncommon for the finger to straighten on its own for some patients . until advised by your doctor , do not flex or extend the fingers of the injected hand . do not attempt to disrupt the injected cord by self manipulation at any time . elevate the injected hand as much as possible until the day after the finger extension procedure . your doctor will ask you to return approximately 24 - 72 hours after your injection to attempt to extend your finger to straighten it . following extension of your finger , your doctor will fit you with a splint to wear at bedtime for up to 4 months . if your finger is still not able to straighten during a follow - up visit with your doctor , you may need additional treatments with xiapex which may be administered approximately 4 weeks after the first treatment . injections and finger extension procedures may be administered up to 3 times per cord at approximately 4 - week intervals . injections in up to two cords or two affected joints in the same hand can be administered during a treatment visit . if the disease has resulted in multiple contractures , additional cords may be treated at other treatment visits approximately 4 weeks apart , as determined by your doctor . be sure to ask your doctor when you can resume normal activities after treatment with xiapex . it is recommended to avoid strenuous activities of your finger until instructed further by your doctor . your doctor may recommend you perform a series of finger flexion and extension exercises several times a day for several months . clinical study experience with xiapex is currently limited to up to 3 injections per cord and up to a total of 8 injections in the hands . peyronie ' s disease your doctor will inject xiapex into the plaque that is causing your penis to curve . xiapex is given as part of a treatment cycle . in each treatment cycle , you will receive one injection of xiapex , followed by a second injection on a separate day ( 1 to 3 days later ). after each injection of xiapex , your penis may be wrapped with a bandage . your doctor will tell you when to remove the dressing . one to three days after the second injection of xiapex in a treatment cycle , you will need to return to your doctor for a manual procedure that will help stretch and help straighten your penis . your doctor will tell you when to come back for this . your doctor will show you how to gently stretch and straighten your penis the right way . for further information see " instructions on how to gently stretch your penis " and " instructions on how to gently straighten your penis " at the end of the patient leaflet . you should only gently stretch your penis when you do not have an erection . you should gently stretch your penis 3 times a day for 6 weeks after each treatment cycle . you should only gently straighten your penis if you have an erection that happens without any sexual activity ( spontaneous erection ). you should gently straighten your penis 1 time a day for 6 weeks after each treatment cycle . your doctor will tell you when you can resume sexual activity after each treatment cycle . your doctor will also tell you when to come back if more treatment cycles are needed . clinical study experience with xiapex is currently limited to four treatment cycles in which a total of 8 injections may be administered into the plaque causing the curvature . tell your doctor right away if you have trouble stretching or straightening your penis , or if you have pain or other concerns . if you receive more xiapex than you should as this medicine is administered to you by your doctor it is very unlikely that you will be given an incorrect dose . in the unlikely event that your doctor administers a higher dose than recommended , you may experience an increase in the severity of possible side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects ". if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . medicines radiolabelled with lumark will only be used in special , controlled areas . this product will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these people will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine radiolabelled with lumark to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to achieve the appropriate outcome , depending on the co - administered medicine and its intended use . administration of the medicine radiolabelled with lumark and conduct of the procedure lumark must be used only in combination with another medicine which has been specifically developed and authorised for being combined with lumark . it will only be administered as a combination . duration of the procedure your nuclear medicine doctor will inform you about the usual duration of the procedure after the administration of the medicine radiolabelled with lumark . after administration of the medicine radiolabelled with lumark has been performed the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving the medicine radiolabelled with lumark . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine radiolabelled with lumark than you should since the medicine radiolabelled with lumark is handled by a nuclear medicine doctor under strictly controlled conditions , there is only a very small chance of possible overdose . however , in case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further question on the use of lumark , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take enviage exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 300 mg tablet once daily . your doctor may prescribe enviage together with other medicines used to treat high blood pressure . method of administration it is recommended that you take the tablets with some water . you should take enviage with a light meal once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you should not take enviage together with grapefruit juice . if you take more enviage than you should if you have accidentally taken too many enviage tablets , consult a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take enviage if you forget to take a dose of enviage , take it as soon as you remember and then take the next dose at its usual time . however , if it is almost time for your next dose you should simply take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take symtuza exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 40 kg is one tablet each day with food . you must take symtuza every day and always with food . you must eat a meal or a snack within 30 minutes before taking your symtuza . the type of food is not important . the tablet should not be crushed , but swallowed whole . the tablet can be taken with a drink such as water , milk or any nutritional drink . take symtuza at around the same time each day . removing the child resistant cap the plastic bottle comes with a child resistant cap and must be opened as follows : push the plastic screw cap down while turning it counter clockwise . remove the unscrewed cap . if you take more symtuza than you should contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can show what you have taken . if you forget to take symtuza it is important not to miss a dose of symtuza . if you do miss a dose : if you notice within 12 hours of the time you usually take symtuza , you must take the tablet immediately , with food . then take the next dose at your usual time . if you notice 12 hours or more after the time you usually take symtuza , then do not take the missed dose and take the next doses with food at your usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit within 1 hour of taking the medicine , another dose of symtuza should be taken with food as soon as possible . if you vomit more than 1 hour after taking the medicine , then you do not need to take another dose of symtuza until the next regularly scheduled time . contact your doctor if you are uncertain about what to do if you miss a dose or vomit . do not stop taking symtuza without talking to your doctor first anti - hiv medicines may make you feel better . even when you feel better , do not stop taking symtuza . talk to your doctor first . when your supply of symtuza starts to run low , get more from your doctor or pharmacist . this is very important because the amount of virus may start to increase if the medicine is stopped for even a short time . the disease may then become harder to treat . if you have both hiv infection and hepatitis b , it is very important not to stop taking symtuza without talking to your doctor first . you may require blood tests for several months after stopping treatment with symtuza . in some patients with advanced liver disease or cirrhosis , stopping treatment may lead to worsening of hepatitis , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately about new or unusual symptoms after you stop treatment , particularly symptoms you associate with hepatitis b infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
beromun will be administered by isolated limb perfusion ( ilp ), together with the anti - tumour agent melphalan . this will occur whilst you are unconscious , under the influence of a general anaesthetic . the blood flow to and from your affected limb will be stopped using a tourniquet . blood , supplied with oxygen by a heart and lung machine , is pumped into your affected limb via a catheter in the main artery , while it is drained ( pumped out ) from the main vein . beromun and then melphalan are injected into this circuit , over a total of 90 minutes the affected limb will be exposed to beromun . the recommended dose of beromun depends on the affected limb , usually 3 mg for the arm and 4 mg for the leg . beromun powder has to be dissolved before use . the resulting solution will be administered into an artery in your affected arm or leg by ilp for an initial period of 30 minutes . after that , melphalan will be added and the ilp continued for another 60 minutes . finally , your limb will be washed out to remove the rest of beromun and melphalan . ilp allows that tumour cells in your limb can be exposed to a very high dose of beromun and melphalan , enhancing their anti - tumour effect , but without reaching the rest of the body , where they could cause serious side effects . you will usually not receive a second ilp with beromun . if you do , this will not be until at least six weeks after your first ilp . if you use more beromun than you should as beromun is always administered by experienced and qualified hospital doctors , accidental overdose is extremely unlikely . however , should this occur , your doctor will immediately wash out your affected limb to remove beromun , and the ilp will be stopped . if there is any risk of serious side effects , your doctor will immediately transfer you to an intensive care unit to closely monitor you and start adequate treatment . if there is significant systemic leakage of beromun if more than 10 % of your beromun dose reaches the main part of your body , your doctor will take similar measures as in the case of overdose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take adrovance exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take one adrovance tablet once a week . follow these instructions carefully . 1 ) choose the day of the week that best fits your schedule . every week , take one adrovance tablet on your chosen day . it is very important to follow instructions 2 ), 3 ), 4 ) and 5 ) to help the adrovance tablet reach your stomach quickly and help reduce the chance of irritating your gullet ( oesophagus - the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ). 2 ) after getting up for the day and before taking any food , drink , or other medicine , swallow your adrovance tablet whole with a full glass of water only ( not mineral water ) ( not less than 200 ml ), so that adrovance is adequately absorbed . do not take with mineral water ( still or sparkling ). do not take with coffee or tea . do not take with juice or milk . do not crush or chew the tablet or allow it to dissolve in your mouth because of the possibility of mouth ulceration . 3 ) do not lie down — stay fully upright ( sitting , standing or walking ) — for at least 30 minutes after swallowing the tablet . do not lie down until after your first food of the day . 4 ) do not take adrovance at bedtime or before getting up for the day . 5 ) if you develop difficulty or pain upon swallowing , chest pain , or new or worsening heartburn , stop taking adrovance and contact your doctor . 6 ) after swallowing your adrovance tablet , wait at least 30 minutes before taking your first food , drink , or other medicine of the day , including antacids , calcium supplements and vitamins . adrovance is effective only if taken when your stomach is empty . if you take more adrovance than you should if you take too many tablets by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor immediately . do not make yourself vomit , and do not lie down . if you forget to take adrovance if you miss a dose , just take one tablet on the morning after you remember . do not take two tablets on the same day . return to taking one tablet once a week , as originally scheduled on your chosen day . if you stop taking adrovance it is important that you take adrovance for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . since it is not known how long you should take adrovance , you should discuss the need to stay on this medicine with your doctor periodically to determine if adrovance is still right for you . an instruction card is included in the carton for adrovance . it contains important information reminding you how to take adrovance properly . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with deferasirox accord will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much deferasirox accord to take the dose of deferasirox accord is related to body weight for all patients . your doctor will calculate the dose you need and tell you how many tablets to take each day . the usual daily dose for deferasirox accord film - coated tablets at the start of the treatment for patients receiving regular blood transfusions is 14 mg per kilogram body weight . a higher or lower starting dose may be recommended by your doctor based on your individual treatment needs . the usual daily dose for deferasirox accord film - coated tablets at the start of the treatment for patients not receiving regular blood transfusions is 7 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for deferasirox accord film - coated tablets is : - 28 mg per kilogram body weight for patients receiving regular blood transfusions , - 14 mg per kilogram body weight for adult patients not receiving regular blood transfusions , - 7 mg per kilogram body weight for children and adolescents not receiving regular blood transfusions . deferasirox also comes as " dispersible " tablets . if you are switching from the dispersible tablets to these film - coated tablets , you will need an adjustment of the dose . when to take deferasirox accord take deferasirox accord once a day , every day , at about the same time each day with some water . take deferasirox accord film - coated tablets either on an empty stomach or with a light meal . taking deferasirox accord at the same time each day will also help you remember when to take your tablets . for patients who are unable to swallow whole tablets , deferasirox accord film - coated tablets may be crushed and taken by sprinkling the full dose onto soft food such as yogurt or apple sauce ( pureed apple ). the food should be immediately and completely consumed . do not store it for future use . how long to take deferasirox accord continue taking deferasirox accord every day for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 2 : " monitoring your deferasirox accord treatment "). if you have questions about how long to take deferasirox accord , talk to your doctor . if you take more deferasirox accord than you should 42 if you have taken too much deferasirox accord , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact your doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show the doctor the pack of tablets . urgent medical treatment may be necessary . you may experience effects such as abdominal pain , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting and kidney or liver problems that can be serious . if you forget to take deferasirox accord if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember on that day . take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose on the next day to make up for the forgotten tablet ( s ). if you stop taking deferasirox accord do not stop taking deferasirox accord unless your doctor tells you to . if you stop taking it , the excess iron will no longer be removed from your body ( see also above section " how long to take deferasirox accord ").
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . use in adults - apply a layer of the ointment twice daily to affected areas of your skin . - this medicine can be used on all skin areas except on the scalp . - the ointment should only be used on up to 40 % of your body surface area . - this medicine is for use on the skin only . - wash your hands after applying this medicine , unless it is your hands that are being treated . if someone else applies this medicine to you , they should wash their hands after application . this medicine can be used twice daily for up to 4 weeks per treatment course . as instructed by your doctor , you can use further treatment course ( s ) if your atopic dermatitis is not controlled or appears on new areas as long as you do not apply the ointment to more than 40 % of your body surface area . if your atopic dermatitis is still there after 12 weeks of therapy , or if your atopic dermatitis gets worse , stop using the medicine and see your doctor . moisturisers ( emollients ) may be used on areas of the skin where staquis is not applied . do not use other topical medicines ( such as ointments , creams , lotions ) on areas of the skin where staquis is applied without asking your doctor . use in children and adolescents for children 2 years of age and older , and adolescents the instructions for use are the same as for adults . if you use more staquis than you should if too much staquis has been applied , the excess should be wiped off . if you forget to use staquis if you forget to apply the ointment at the scheduled time , do it as soon as you remember and then continue your normal dosing schedule . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you and do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of rasitrio is one tablet a day . method of administration swallow the tablet whole with some water . you should take this medicine with a light meal once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you should not take this medicine together with grapefruit juice . if you take more rasitrio than you should if you have accidentally taken too many rasitrio tablets , talk to a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take rasitrio if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember and then take the next dose at its usual time . if it is almost time for your next dose you should simply take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two tablets at once ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . le ge mi dle t e r ik ke le ng er go dk jen t fo r s alg 197 do not stop taking this medicine , even if you are feeling well ( unless your doctor tells you to do so ). people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine should only be prescribed for you by a doctor with experience in the treatment of transplant patients . important information make sure that you receive the same tacrolimus medicine every time you collect your prescription , unless your transplant specialist has agreed to change to a different tacrolimus medicine . this medicine should be taken once a day . if the appearance of this medicine is not the same as usual , or if doe instructions have changed , speak to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . how much envarsus do i have to take the starting dose to prevent the rejection of your transplanted organ will be determined by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . initial daily doses just after transplantation will generally be in the range of : 0 . 11 - 0 . 17 mg per kg body weight per day depending on the transplanted organ . when treating rejection , the same doses may be used . your dose depends on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . following the initiation of your treatment with this medicine , frequent blood tests will be taken by your doctor to define the correct dose . afterwards regular blood tests by your doctor will be required to define the correct dose and to adjust the dose from time to time . your doctor will usually reduce your envarsus dose once your condition has stabilised . how should i take the envarsus tablets envarsus is taken orally once daily , generally on an empty stomach . take the tablets immediately following removal from the blister . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . do not swallow the desiccant contained in the foil wrapper . how long should i take the envarsus tablets you will need to take envarsus every day as long as you need immunosuppression to prevent rejection of your transplanted organ . you should keep in regular contact with your doctor . if you take more envarsus than you should if you have accidentally taken too much envarsus , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take envarsus do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . take the tablet as soon as possible on the same day . if you stop taking envarsus stopping your treatment with envarsus may increase the risk of rejection of your transplanted organ . do not stop your treatment unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
hospital intensive care dexmedetomidine accord is administered to you by a doctor or nurse in hospital intensive care . procedural sedation / awake sedation dexmedetomidine accord is administered to you by a doctor or a nurse prior to and / or during diagnostic or surgical procedures requiring sedation , i . e . procedural / awake sedation . your doctor will decide on a suitable dose for you . the amount of dexmedetomidine accord depends on your age , size , general condition of health , the level of sedation needed and how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may change your dose if needed and will monitor your heart and blood pressure during the treatment . dexmedetomidine accord is diluted and it is given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into your veins . after sedation / wake - up - the doctor will keep you under medical supervision for some hours after the sedation to make sure that you feel well . - you should not go home unaccompanied . - medicines to help you sleep , cause sedation or strong painkillers may not be appropriate for some time after you have been given dexmedetomidine accord . talk to your doctor about the use of these medicines and about the use of alcohol . if you have been given more dexmedetomidine accord than you should if you are given too much dexmedetomidine accord , your blood pressure may go up or down , your heartbeat may slow down , you may breathe more slowly and you may feel more drowsy . your doctor will know how to treat you based on your condition . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
qutenza should only be applied by your doctor or by a nurse under the supervision of your doctor . no more than 4 patches should be used at the same time . qutenza is for use on your skin . your doctor will mark the most painful areas on your skin with a pen or marker . before placing the qutenza patches on the skin , the treatment area ( s ) will be washed with soap and water and dried . hair in treatment areas will be clipped . before placing the qutenza patches on the skin , your doctor or nurse may apply a numbing gel or cream or give you an oral pain medicine to reduce potential stinging . the gel or cream should be removed prior to applying qutenza and the skin washed and dried thoroughly . your doctor or nurse may wear gloves , and sometimes a mask and protective glasses , while handling the qutenza patches . do not sniff or inhale close to the qutenza patches as this may cause coughing or sneezing . qutenza may be cut into smaller pieces to fit the treatment area . your doctor or nurse will remove the patches after 30 minutes if you ' re being treated for nerve pain on your feet or 60 minutes if you ' re being treated for nerve pain on other parts of your body . it may take between 1 to 3 weeks before you experience pain relief with qutenza . if after that time you still have a lot of pain , please talk to your doctor . qutenza therapy may be repeated at 90 - day intervals , if necessary . you may be given pain medicines to take for the pain you experience with qutenza therapy . it is common for the skin to sting or become red and burn during qutenza treatment . disposable socks may be worn on top of the qutenza patches if your feet are being treated . sometimes your doctor or nurse may put a bandage on top of the qutenza patch to keep the patch firmly on your skin . do not attempt to remove the patch yourself . your doctor or nurse will remove it for you . at the end of the qutenza treatment your doctor or nurse will clean the treated skin with cleansing gel from a tube supplied with the kit . cleansing gel will be left on your skin for one minute and then wiped off to remove any remaining medicine that may be left on your skin after treatment . after the cleansing gel has been wiped off , the area will be gently washed with soap and water . do not touch the patch with your hands . do not touch your eyes , mouth or other sensitive areas . if you accidentally touch the qutenza patch or treated skin before cleansing gel is applied it may burn and / or sting . call your doctor immediately . do not take qutenza patches away from the clinic . do not use qutenza patches at home . if qutenza is used longer than it should overdosing is unlikely to occur . however , if qutenza is applied longer than it should you might experience severe application site reactions like pain , redness and itching . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . recommended dose the recommended dose is one tablet once a day for 8 or 12 weeks . swallow the tablet whole with food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . kidney problems tell your doctor if you have kidney problems or if you are on kidney dialysis , since vosevi has not been fully tested in patients with severe kidney problems . liver problems vosevi should not be used if you have moderate or severe liver problems . if you are taking an antacid , take it at least 4 hours before or at least 4 hours after vosevi . if you are sick ( vomit ) after taking vosevi it may affect the amount of vosevi in your blood . this may make vosevi work less well . if you are sick ( vomit ) less than 4 hours after taking vosevi , take another tablet . if you are sick ( vomit ) more than 4 hours after taking vosevi , you do not need to take another tablet until your next scheduled tablet . if you take more vosevi than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose of vosevi you may be at increased risk of side effects with this medicine ( see section 4 possible side effects ). contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take vosevi it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose , work out how long it is since you last took your vosevi : if you notice within 18 hours of the time you usually take vosevi , you must take the tablet as soon as possible . then take the next dose at your usual time . if it is 18 hours or more after the time you usually take vosevi , wait and take the next dose at your usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses close together ). do not stop taking vosevi do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . it is very important that you complete the full course of treatment to give the medicine the best chance to treat your hepatitis c virus infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dose your doctor will start your treatment with a low dose ( using 30 mg skilarence tablets ). this helps to reduce stomach problems and other side effects . your dose will be increased every week as shown in the table below ( switching to 120 mg skilarence tablets from week 4 onwards ). treatment week tablet strength how many tablets to take during the day number of tablets per day total daily dose breakfast lunch evening meal 1 30 mg ‒ ‒ 1 1 30 mg 2 30 mg 1 ‒ 1 2 60 mg 3 30 mg 1 1 1 3 90 mg 4 120 mg ‒ ‒ 1 1 120 mg 5 120 mg 1 ‒ 1 2 240 mg 6 120 mg 1 1 1 3 360 mg 7 120 mg 1 1 2 4 480 mg 8 120 mg 2 1 2 5 600 mg 9 + 120 mg 2 2 2 6 720 mg your doctor will check how well your condition is improving after you start taking skilarence and will check for side effects . if you have severe side effects after an increase in dose , your doctor may recommend that you temporarily go back to the last dose . if the side effects are not troublesome , your dose will be increased until your condition is well controlled . you may not need the maximum dose of 720 mg per day . after your condition has improved sufficiently , your doctor will consider how to gradually reduce the daily dose of skilarence to what you need to maintain your improvement . method of administration swallow skilarence tablets whole with liquid . take your tablets during or immediately after a meal . do not crush , break , dissolve or chew your tablets , as they have a special coating to help prevent irritation of your stomach . if you take more skilarence than you should if you think you have taken too many skilarence tablets , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take skilarence do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next dose at the usual time and continue taking the medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or exactly as agreed with your doctor . please ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual recommended dose is : one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking tesavel . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
supemtek is given to you by your doctor , nurse or pharmacist as an injection into the muscle at the top of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). adults from 18 years of age and older : one dose of 0 . 5 ml .
always inject this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . a starting dose of 80 mg of pegvisomant will be given subcutaneously ( just under the skin ) by your doctor . following this , the usual daily dose of pegvisomant is 10 mg , which is given by subcutaneous injection ( just under the skin ). every four to six weeks your doctor will make appropriate dose adjustments , made in increments of 5 mg pegvisomant / day , based on your so - called serum igf - i levels to maintain an optimal therapeutic response . method and route of administration somavert is injected under the skin . the injection can be self - administered or given by another person , for example your doctor or his / her assistant . the detailed instructions on injection procedure provided at the end of this leaflet must be followed . you should continue to inject this medicine for as long as instructed by your doctor . this medicine must be dissolved before use . the injection must not be mixed in the same syringe or vial as any other medicine . fatty tissue of the skin can build - up at the site of injection . to avoid this , use a slightly different place for your injection each time , as described in step 2 of the ' instructions for preparing and giving an injection of somavert ' section of this leaflet . this gives your skin and the area under your skin time to recover from one injection before it receives another one in the same place . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you inject more somavert than you should if you accidentally inject more somavert than told to by your doctor it is unlikely to be serious , but you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to use somavert if you forget to give yourself an injection you should inject the next dose as soon as you remember and then continue to inject somavert as prescribed by your doctor . do not inject a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual recommended dose is : one 100 mg film - coated tablet 63 once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking xelevia . if you take more xelevia than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take xelevia if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking xelevia continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet ( 250 mg ) three times a day . the maximum dose of xermelo is 750 mg in 24 hours . your doctor will decide for how long you should take xermelo . if you have liver problems , your doctor may decide to reduce your daily dose of xermelo . taking this medicine always take this medicine with a meal or some food . you should keep having injections of somatostatin analogues ( lanreotide or octreotide ) when taking xermelo . if you take more xermelo than you should you may feel sick or be sick , have diarrhoea or stomach ache . talk to a doctor . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take xermelo if you forget to take a dose , take your next dose when it is due , skipping the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking xermelo do not stop taking xermelo without talking with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
docetaxel mylan will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration docetaxel mylan will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel mylan . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , or hospital pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . in adults of all ages , the recommended total daily dose is 3 to 6½ tablets per day ( making a total of between 450 and 975 mg ). this daily total will be divided into 2 to 4 smaller doses to be taken during the day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take and how often in the day . tablets can be divided in half if needed . use in children and adolescents the dose that you will take is usually lower than for an adult and depends on your age and body weight . the usual total daily dose is between 225 and 600 mg ( 1½ to 4 tablets daily ), which will be divided into 2 to 4 smaller doses to be taken during the day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take and how often in the day . once you have started the treatment , your doctor may adjust the dose based on the response to treatment . swallow the tablets with water on an empty stomach , at least one hour before meals or two hours after meals and at least one hour apart from any other medicines , food , or milk . if you take iron supplements , take them at least two hours after taking a dose of cuprior . if you take more cuprior than you should take cuprior only as it is prescribed for you . if you think you may have taken more cuprior than you were told to , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take cuprior do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at its regularly scheduled time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking cuprior this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop your treatment without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better because wilson ' s disease is a life - long condition . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
glybera therapy will be overseen by a doctor who is specialised in the treatment of patients affected by your condition and will be administered to you by an appropriately qualified and trained doctor or nurse . glybera will be given to you in a single therapy administration session in a hospital . at this time a series of injections ( 27 to 60 injections ) into the muscles of both upper and lower legs will be given . the dose you will need is dependent on your weight and is calculated by your doctor . due to the large number of individual injections that you will receive during the glybera therapy session , you will be given either a regional anaesthetic into the spine ( which will numb your legs only ), or a more localised anaesthetic before you are given the glybera injections . your doctor will talk to you about the anaesthetic and how it will be given . after you have been given glybera , you may notice that your legs have a yellow colour ; this might occur in case iodine was used to clean ( sterilise ) your legs before you received the medicine . this will fade after a short time . you will need to stay in hospital for a few hours or overnight to make sure that you have not had any side effects from the medicine or the anaesthetic . glybera should be administered to you in one treatment session only . re - administration of glybera after this first treatment session is not recommended . it is important that at the time of first glybera administration , your body ' s immune ( defence ) system is not activated . to avoid this , your doctor will also prescribe treatment that will suppress the immune system ( known as immunosuppressants ), starting 3 days before the day of injection with glybera and for 12 weeks after . examples of these immunosuppressants are ciclosporin , mycophenolate mofetil . in addition methylprednisolone might be administered half an hour prior to the glybera administration . it is important that you take these medicines according to the instructions given . do not stop taking these without talking to your doctor . please ask your doctor for more information about the exact immunosuppressant medicine you will be taking . if you receive more glybera than you should as this medicine is given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you 30 receive two doses in one injection site by mistake this might lead to more local reaction such as bruising or sensitivity . your doctor will treat this appropriately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of exforge is one tablet per day . it is preferable to take your medicine at the same time each day . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take exforge with or without food . do not take exforge with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . exforge and older people ( age 65 years or over ) your doctor should exercise caution when increasing your dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more exforge than you should if you have taken too many tablets of exforge , or if someone else has taken your tablets , consult a doctor immediately . if you forget to take exforge if you forget to take this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at its usual time . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking exforge stopping your treatment with exforge may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to .
your doctor has prescribed imatinib teva because you suffer from a serious condition . imatinib teva can help you to fight this condition . however , always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse tells you to . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . do not stop taking imatinib teva unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much imatinib teva to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of imatinib teva to take . - if you are being treated for cml : depending on your condition the usual starting dose is either 400 mg or 600 mg : - 400 mg to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , - 600 mg to be taken as 6 tablets once a day . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if your daily dose is 800 mg ( 8 tablets ), you should take 4 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . - if you are being treated for ph - positive all : the starting dose is 600 mg to be taken as 6 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 400 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . - if you are being treated for dfsp : 81 the dose is 800 mg per day ( 8 tablets ), to be taken as 4 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of imatinib teva to give to your child . the amount of imatinib teva given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents must not exceed 800 mg with cml and 600 mg with ph + all . the treatment can either be given to your child as a once - daily dose or alternatively the daily dose can be split into two administrations ( half in the morning and half in the evening ). when and how to take imatinib teva - take imatinib teva with a meal . this will help protect you from stomach problems when taking imatinib teva - swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : use about 50 ml for each 100 mg tablet . stir with a spoon until the tablets have completely dissolved . once the tablet has dissolved , drink everything in the glass straight away . traces of the dissolved tablets may be left behind in the glass . the tablet can be divided into equal doses . how long to take imatinib teva keep taking imatinib teva every day for as long as your doctor tells you . if you take more imatinib teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take imatinib teva - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take desloratadine ratiopharm . if your allergic rhinitis is intermittent ( presence of symptoms for less than 4 days per week or for less than 4 weeks ), your doctor will recommend you a treatment schedule that will depend on the evaluation of the history of your disease . if your allergic rhinitis is persistent ( presence of symptoms for 4 days or more per week and for more than 4 weeks ), your doctor may recommend you a longer term treatment . for urticaria , the duration of treatment may be variable from patient to patient and therefore you should follow the instructions of your doctor . if you take more desloratadine ratiopharm than you should take desloratadine ratiopharm only as it is prescribed for you . no serious problems are expected with accidental overdose . however , if you take more desloratadine ratiopharm than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take desloratadine ratiopharm if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible and then go back to your regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking desloratadine ratiopharm if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose is 2 mg once daily by subcutaneous injection ( just under the skin ). your doctor will say how long you need to take the medicine for . your doctor and nurse will show you how to prepare and inject hepcludex . this package leaflet contains a step - by - step injection guide to help you inject the medicine ( see section 7 ). if you take more hepcludex than you should the usual dose is 2 mg ( 1 vial ) per day . if you think you may have taken more than you should , tell your doctor immediately . if you forget to take hepcludex if less than 4 hours have passed since your missed dose of hepcludex , take the missing dose as soon as possible and take your next scheduled dose at the usual time . if more than 4 hours have passed since your missed dose of hepcludex , do not take the missed dose . take the next dose the following day at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the missed dose . tell your doctor if you have missed a dose of hepcludex . do not stop taking hepcludex without speaking with your doctor if you do not want to take hepcludex anymore , talk to your doctor before stopping the treatment . stopping the treatment can reactivate the infection and worsen your disease . tell your doctor immediately about any changes in symptoms after stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of hepcludex , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin sandoz gmbh is for oral use only . epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you to take pregabalin sandoz gmbh either twice or three times a day . for twice a day take pregabalin sandoz gmbh once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . for three times a day take pregabalin sandoz gmbh once in the morning , once in the afternoon and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin sandoz gmbh is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin sandoz gmbh normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin sandoz gmbh than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin sandoz gmbh than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin sandoz gmbh it is important to take your pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh do not stop taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term pregabalin sandoz gmbh treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , headache , nausea , feeling anxious , diarrhoea , flu - like symptoms , convulsions , nervousness , depression , pain , sweating , and dizziness . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for adults , the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 6 to 8 hours apart ) taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 1 year to 17 years old , the recommended dose is either 10 mg three times a day for children and adolescents ≤ 20 kg or 20 mg three times a day for children and adolescents > 20 kg , taken with or without food . higher doses should not be used in children . this medicine should be used only in case of administration of 20 mg three times a day . other pharmaceutical forms may be more appropriate for administration to patients ≤ 20 kg and other younger patients who are not able to swallow tablets . if you take more revatio than you should you should not take more medicine than your doctor tells you to . if you take more medicine than you have been told to take contact your doctor immediately . taking more revatio than you should may increase the risk of known side effects . if you forget to take revatio if you forget to take revatio , take a dose as soon as you remember , then continue to take your medicine at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking revatio suddenly stopping your treatment with revatio may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking revatio unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin mylan pharma is for oral use only . epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you to take pregabalin mylan pharma either twice or three times a day . for twice a day take pregabalin mylan pharma once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . for three times a day take pregabalin mylan pharma once in the morning , once in the afternoon and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an older patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin mylan pharma than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin mylan pharma capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin mylan pharma than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin mylan pharma it is important to take your pregabalin mylan pharma capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin mylan pharma do not stop taking pregabalin mylan pharma unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term pregabalin mylan pharma treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , headache , nausea , feeling anxious , diarrhoea , flulike symptoms , convulsions , nervousness , depression , pain , sweating , and dizziness . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking pregabalin mylan pharma for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use elonva exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . elonva is used in women having infertility treatment like in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ). during this treatment , elonva is used in combination with a medicine ( so called gnrh - antagonist ) to prevent your 30 ovary from releasing an egg too early . treatment with the gnrh - antagonist usually starts 5 to 6 days after the injection of elonva . the use of elonva in combination with a gnrh agonist ( another medicine to prevent your ovary from releasing an egg too early ) is not recommended . dose in the treatment of women of reproductive age , the dose of elonva is based on weight and age . - a single 100 - microgram dose is recommended in women who weigh less than or equal to 60 kilograms and who are 36 years of age or younger . - a single 150 - microgram dose is recommended in women : - who weigh more than 60 kilograms , regardless of age . - who weigh 50 kilograms or more and who are older than 36 years of age . women older than 36 years of age who weighed less than 50 kilograms were not studied . body weight less than 50 kg 50 60 kg more than 60 kg age 36 years or younger 100 micrograms 100 micrograms 150 micrograms older than 36 years not studied 150 micrograms 150 micrograms during the first seven days after the injection with elonva , you should not use ( recombinant ) follicle stimulating hormone (( rec ) fsh ). seven days after the injection of elonva , your doctor may decide to continue your stimulation cycle with another gonadotropic hormone , like ( rec ) fsh . this may be continued for a few days until enough follicles of adequate size are present . this can be checked by ultrasound examination . treatment with ( rec ) fsh is then stopped and the eggs are matured by giving hcg ( human chorionic gonadotropin ). the eggs are collected from the ovary 34 - 36 hours later . how elonva is given treatment with elonva should be supervised by a physician experienced in the treatment of fertility problems . elonva must be injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ) into a skin fold ( that you pinch between your thumb and index finger ), preferably just below the navel . the injection may be given by a healthcare professional ( for example a nurse ), your partner or yourself , if carefully instructed by your doctor . always use elonva exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . a step - by - step " instructions for use " is given at the end of this leaflet . do not inject elonva into a muscle . elonva is supplied in pre - filled syringes that have an automatic safety system to help prevent needle stick injuries after use . if you use more elonva or ( rec ) fsh than you should if you think you have used more elonva or ( rec ) fsh than you should , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to use elonva if you forgot to inject elonva on the day you should have , contact your doctor immediately . do not inject elonva without talking with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
treatment with mayzent will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of ms . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . how much mayzent to take starting treatment you will be given a titration pack , with which your dose will be gradually increased over 5 days . follow the instructions on the pack ( see also the " titration pack " table ). the purpose of the titration phase is to reduce the risk of side effects on your heart at the start of treatment . your doctor may monitor you closely at the start of treatment if you are at risk of your heartbeat becoming slower or irregular . titration pack day dose number of mayzent 0 . 25 mg tablets to take day 1 0 . 25 mg 1 tablet day 2 0 . 25 mg 1 tablet day 3 0 . 5 mg 2 tablets day 4 0 . 75 mg 3 tablets day 5 1 . 25 mg 5 tablets on day 6 , you will switch to your regular treatment dose . on the first 6 days of treatment , it is recommended that you take the tablets in the morning with or without food . treatment dose the recommended dose is 2 mg once daily ( one tablet of 2 mg mayzent ) with or without food . your doctor may instruct you to take only 1 mg once daily ( four 0 . 25 mg tablets ) if the blood test performed before the start of treatment showed that your body breaks down mayzent slowly ( see " tests before and during treatment "). if this applies to you , note that it is nevertheless safe for you to take five 0 . 25 mg tablets on day 5 of the titration period as indicated above . mayzent is for oral use . take the tablet with water . if you take more mayzent than you should if you have taken too many mayzent tablets , or if you take your first tablet from the treatment dose pack instead of the titration pack by mistake , call your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under observation . if you forget to take mayzent during the first 6 days of treatment , if you have forgotten to take your dose on one day , call your doctor before you take the next dose . your doctor will need to prescribe a new titration pack . you will have to restart at day 1 . if you miss a dose when you are on the regular treatment dose ( day 7 onwards ), take it as soon as you remember . if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you forget to take mayzent for 4 or more days in a row , call your doctor before you take the next dose . your doctor will need to prescribe a new titration pack and you will have to restart treatment at day 1 . if you stop taking mayzent do not stop taking mayzent or change your dose without talking to your doctor first . mayzent will stay in your body for up to 10 days after you stop taking it . your white blood cell ( lymphocyte ) count may remain low for up to 3 to 4 weeks after you stop taking mayzent . the side effects described in this leaflet may still occur during this period ( see " possible side effects " in section 4 ). if you have to restart mayzent more than 4 days after you stopped taking it , your doctor will prescribe a new titration pack and you will have to restart treatment at day 1 again . tell your doctor straight away if you think your ms worsens after you have stopped treatment with mayzent . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . talmanco is supplied as a 20 mg tablet . the usual dose is two 20 mg tablets taken once a day . you should take both tablets at the same time , one after the other . if you have a mild or moderate liver or kidney problem , your doctor may advise you to take only one 20 mg tablet per day . swallow the tablets whole with a drink of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more talmanco than you should if you or anyone else takes more tablets than they should , tell your doctor or go to a hospital immediately , taking the medicine or pack with you . you may experience any of the side effects described in section 4 . if you forget to take talmanco take your dose as soon as you remember if it is within 8 hours of when you should have taken your dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking talmanco do not stop taking your tablets , unless advised otherwise by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 125 mg of ibrance taken once a day for 3 weeks followed by 1 week without taking ibrance . your doctor will tell you how many capsules of ibrance to take . if you experience certain side effects while you are taking ibrance ( see section 4 " possible side effects "), your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . the dose may be lowered to one of the other available strengths 100 mg or 75 mg . take ibrance once a day at about the same time every day with food , preferably a meal . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . do not open the capsules . if you take more ibrance than you should if you have taken too much ibrance , see a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . urgent treatment may be necessary . take the carton and this leaflet , so that the doctor knows what you have been taking . if you forget to take ibrance if you miss a dose or vomit , take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten capsules . if you stop taking ibrance do not stop taking ibrance unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is very important that you take the full daily dose of telzir and ritonavir as prescribed by your doctor . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets whole , with some water or another drink . telzir tablets can be taken with or without food . telzir is also available as a liquid ( oral suspension ) for people who are unable to swallow tablets . ( read the package leaflet of telzir oral suspension for guidance on whether to take it with or without food .) adults the recommended dose is one 700 mg telzir tablet twice daily with 100 mg ritonavir twice daily . children from 6 years of age and weighing at least 39 kg children can take the adult tablet dose of one 700 mg telzir tablet twice daily with ritonavir 100 mg twice daily if they can swallow the tablets whole . children from 6 years of age and weighing less than 39 kg use telzir oral suspension . adults with liver disease if you have mild liver disease , the dose is one telzir tablet ( 700 mg ) twice daily with 100 mg ritonavir only once daily . if you have moderate or severe liver disease the dose of telzir has to be lowered . this dose adjustment cannot be made with telzir tablets . you must take telzir oral suspension . if you take too much telzir if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of telzir : → contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately for advice . if you forget to take telzir 82 if you forget to take a dose of telzir , take it as soon as you remember and then continue your treatment as before . don ' t take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . don ' t stop telzir without advice take telzir for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of temodal . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and if you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking temodal to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme : if you are a newly - diagnosed patient , treatment will occur in two phases : - treatment together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase ) first - followed by treatment with only temodal ( monotherapy phase ). during the concomitant phase , your doctor will start temodal at a dose of 75 mg / m2 ( usual dose ). you will take this dose every day for 42 days ( up to 49 days ) in combination with radiotherapy . the temodal dose may be delayed or stopped , depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during the concomitant phase . once the radiotherapy is completed , you will interrupt treatment for 4 weeks . this will give your body a chance to recover . then , you will start the monotherapy phase . during the monotherapy phase , the dose and way you take temodal will be different . your doctor will work out your exact dose . there may be up to 6 treatment periods ( cycles ). each one lasts 28 days . you will take your new dose of temodal alone once daily for the first 5 days (" dosing days ") of each cycle . the first dose will be 150 mg / m2 . then you will have 23 days without temodal . this adds up to a 28 - day treatment cycle . after day 28 , the next cycle will begin . you will again take temodal once daily for 5 days followed by 23 days without temodal . the temodal dose may be adjusted , delayed or stopped depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . patients with tumours that have returned or worsened ( malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma ) taking temodal only : a treatment cycle with temodal lasts 28 days . you will take temodal alone once daily for the first 5 days . this daily dose depends on whether or not you have received chemotherapy before . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temodal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temodal will be 150 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . then , you will have 23 days without temodal . this adds up to a 28 - day treatment cycle . after day 28 , the next cycle will begin . you will again receive temodal once daily for 5 days , followed by 23 days without temodal . before each new treatment cycle , your blood will be tested to see if the temodal dose needs to be adjusted . depending on your blood test results , your doctor may adjust your dose for the next cycle . how to take temodal take your prescribed dose of temodal once a day , preferably at the same time each day . take the capsules on an empty stomach ; for example , at least one hour before you plan to eat breakfast . swallow the capsule ( s ) whole with a glass of water . do not open , crush or chew the capsules . if a capsule is damaged , avoid contact of the powder with your skin , eyes or nose . if you accidentally get some in your eyes or nose , flush the area with water . depending on the prescribed dose , you may have to take more than one capsule together , eventually with different strengths ( content of active substance , in mg ). the colour of the capsule cap is different for each strength ( see in the table below ). strength colour of the cap temodal 5 mg hard capsules green temodal 20 mg hard capsules yellow temodal 100 mg hard capsules pink temodal 140 mg hard capsules blue temodal 180 mg hard capsules orange temodal 250 mg hard capsules white you should make sure you fully understand and remember the following : how many capsules you need to take every dosing day . ask your doctor or pharmacist to write it down ( including the colour ). which days are your dosing days . review the dose with your doctor each time you start a new cycle , since it may be different from the last cycle . always take temodal exactly as your doctor has told you . it is very important to check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . errors in how you take this medicine may have serious health consequences . if you take more temodal than you should if you accidentally take more temodal capsules than you were told to , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take temodal take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if a full day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose , unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the infusion . dose and frequency the dose of this medicine depends on your body weight . the usual dose of adcetris given in combination with doxorubicin , vinblastine and dacarbazine is 1 . 2 mg / kg given every 2 weeks for 6 months . the usual dose of adcetris given in combination with cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin and prednisone is 1 . 8 mg / kg given every 3 weeks for approximately 4 - 6 months . see the package leaflets for these medicines given in combination with adcetris for additional information on their use and effects . after the first dose of adcetris in combination with chemotherapy , your doctor may also give you a medicine that will help prevent development or reduce the severity of neutropenia ( decrease of white blood cell count ) which can increase the risk of infection . tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems as your doctor may lower your starting dose or may not recommend adcetris . the usual dose of adcetris given alone is 1 . 8 mg / kg , given once every 3 weeks for no more than one year . your doctor may lower your starting dose to 1 . 2 mg / kg if you have kidney or liver problems . adcetris is to be given to adults only . it is not for use in children . how adcetris is given this medicine is given to you into a vein ( intravenously ) as an infusion . it is given by your doctor or nurse over 30 minutes . your doctor or nurse will also monitor you during and after the infusion . if you have any other questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of rivastigmine 1 a pharma to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine 1 a pharma for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking rivastigmine 1 a pharma . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take rivastigmine 1 a pharma twice a day in the morning and evening with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more rivastigmine 1 a pharma than you should if you accidentally take more rivastigmine 1 a pharma than you should , inform your doctor . you may require medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much rivastigmine 1 a pharma have experienced feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high blood pressure and hallucinations . slow heartbeat and fainting may also occur . if you forget to take rivastigmine 1 a pharma if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of rivastigmine 1 a pharma , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of hycamtin you are given will be worked out by your doctor , based on : your body size ( surface area measured in square metres ) the results of blood tests carried out before treatment the disease being treated . the usual dose ovarian and small cell lung cancer : 1 . 5 mg per square metre of body surface area per day . you will have treatment once a day for 5 days . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 3 weeks . cervical cancer : 0 . 75 mg per square metre of body surface area per day . you will have treatment once a day for 3 days . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 3 weeks . when treating cervical cancer , hycamtin is combined with another medicine , called cisplatin . your doctor will determine the correct dose of cisplatin . the treatment may vary , depending on the results of your regular blood tests . how hycamtin is given a doctor or nurse will administer hycamtin as an infusion into your arm lasting about 30 minutes .
your doctor has prescribed viraferon specifically for you and your current condition ; do not share this medicine with anyone else . your doctor has determined the exact dosage for administration of viraferon according to your individual needs . the dosage will vary according to the disease being treated . if you are injecting viraferon yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed for you is clearly provided with the package of medicine you receive . dosages that are to be administered 3 times a week are best given every other day . the usual starting dose for each condition follows ; however , individual doses may vary , and the doctor may change your dose based on your specific needs : chronic hepatitis b : 5 to 10 million iu 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ). chronic hepatitis c : adults - 3 million iu 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ) in combination with ribavirin or alone . children 3 years of age and older and adolescents - 3 million iu / m2 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ) in combination with ribavirin ( please also see ribavirin package leaflet ). your doctor may prescribe a different dose of viraferon alone or in combination with other medicines ( e . g . ribavirin ). if you are prescribed viraferon in combination with another medicine , please refer also to the package leaflet of the medicine to be used in combination . your doctor will determine the exact dosage schedule and regimen according to your needs . if you have the impression that the effect of viraferon is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . subcutaneous use : viraferon is usually intended for subcutaneous use . this means that viraferon is injected with a short needle into the fatty tissue just under the skin . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for subcutaneous administration are provided with this leaflet ( see how to self inject viraferon at the end of the leaflet ). one dose of viraferon is given on each scheduled day . viraferon is given three times a week , every other day , for example on monday , wednesday , and friday . interferons may cause unusual tiredness ; if you are injecting this medicine yourself , or giving it to a child , use it at bedtime . use viraferon exactly as prescribed by your doctor . do not exceed the recommended dosage , and take viraferon for as long as prescribed . if you use more viraferon than you should contact your doctor or healthcare professional as soon as possible . if you forget to take viraferon if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking viraferon in combination with ribavirin , inject the recommended dose as soon as you remember and continue treatment as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are scheduled to inject this product every day , and you accidentally missed a full day ' s dose , continue treatment at the usual dose the following day . contact your doctor or pharmacist if needed .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your medicine will usually be given to you in increasing doses as follows : for the first 4 days take one 1 mg film - coated tablet per day , from day 5 to day 7 take two 1 mg film - coated tablet per day , 47 from day 8 onwards take one film - coated tablet of the strength prescribed by your doctor each day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 4 mg once a day . it does not matter whether you take your medicine with or without food . if you were taking other medicine to treat schizophrenia before starting rxulti , your doctor will decide whether to stop the other medicine gradually or immediately and how to adjust the dose of rxulti . your doctor will also inform you how to act if you switch from rxulti to other medicine . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may adjust your dose of this medicine . patients with liver problems if you have liver problems , your doctor may adjust your dose of this medicine . if you take more rxulti than you should if you have taken more rxulti than your prescribed dose , contact your doctor or your local hospital immediately . remember to take the medicine pack with you so that it is clear what you have taken . if you forget to take rxulti if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss two or more doses , contact your doctor . if you stop taking rxulti if you stop taking this medicine you will lose the effects of the medicine . even if you feel better , do not alter or stop your daily dose of rxulti unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 drop in the affected eye 6 times a day at 2 - hourly intervals , starting in the morning ( i . e . 6 drops per day within 12 hours ). you should continue your treatment for 8 weeks . instructions for use follow these instructions carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if there is anything you do not understand . ocular use . you will receive an insulated container containing a weekly carton of oxervate and a separate delivery system ( composed of medical devices intended for withdrawing and administering the medicine ). the weekly carton contains 7 vials of oxervate ( 1 vial per day of the week ). remove the weekly carton of oxervate from the insulated container and store it in a fridge as soon as you can ( and in any case no later than 5 hours from when you receive the medicine from your pharmacist ). since at the pharmacy this medicine is stored in a freezer , in case treatment is started right away after receiving the weekly carton , you will have to wait until the first vial is thawed ( this could take up to 30 minutes ). take an individual vial of this medicine from the fridge in the morning ( always at the same time each morning ), and prepare it in the following way : wash your hands . if you wear contact lenses , take them out before using the drops . remove the plastic flip - off cap from the vial ( picture 1 ). peel - off the back of the vial adapter blister pack ( picture 2 ). without removing the vial adapter from its blister pack , connect it to the vial by firmly pushing it down until it snaps into place over the neck of the vial . the spike of the vial adapter should pierce through the vial ' s rubber stopper . once the vial adapter has been connected correctly , it should not be removed from the vial ( picture 3 ). remove and discard the packaging of the vial adapter . 1 2 3 the multi - dose vial of oxervate is now ready for use ( 1 drop in the affected eye every 2 hours six times a day ). the vial can be stored in the fridge or below 25 throughout the day , but should not be frozen . to withdraw and administer each dose of this medicine , follow the steps below : take a single disinfectant wipe and gently clean the surface of the valve on the connector part of the vial adapter ( picture 4 ). after cleaning , wait for approximately 1 minute to allow the valve to dry . take a pipette ( dropper ) and remove it from its protective packaging . screw the pipette ( clockwise ) into the connector part of the vial adapter ( picture 5 ). ensure that the pipette plunger is pushed all the way down . turn the vial upside - down ( with the pipette still connected ) and gently pull the plunger until it stops , to draw the solution into the pipette . ensure the plunger has reached the stop point ( picture 6 ). 4 5 6 check the pipette to ensure it contains the eye drops , solution . air bubbles may cause blockage and prevent the pipette from filling properly ( especially at first withdrawal ). if the pipette is 23 empty , keep the vial with the connected pipette upside - down , push the plunger all the way in and pull it out again . once it has been correctly filled , unscrew the pipette from the connector part of the vial adapter . holding the pipette , pointing down , between your middle finger and thumb , tilt your head back and position the pipette above your affected eye . pull down your lower eyelid , folding between the inner eyelid and the eyeball . gently push the plunger in until a single drop is dropped into the conjunctival fornix ( picture 7 ). make sure you do not touch your eye with the tip of the pipette . with your head still tilted back , blink a few times so that the medicine covers the surface of your eye . immediately discard the used pipette after use , even if there is still some liquid left in it . if a drop misses your eye , try again , using a new pipette and wipe . after each use throughout the day , place the vial back in the fridge ( or keep it below 25 ) for the rest of the day , with the vial adapter still connected . 7 repeat the above process ( from picture 4 onwards ) every 2 hours 6 times a day . use a new disinfectant wipe and a new pipette each time . if you use drops in both eyes , repeat the above instructions for your other eye using a new pipette ( in this case , you will need to use 2 vials per day ). discard the used vial at the end of each day ( even if there is still some liquid left in it ), and in any case no later than 12 hours from the time you connected the vial adapter to it . you will receive a new supply of oxervate each week , for the duration of the treatment period . to ensure accurate dosing every 2 hours , you could set an alarm as a reminder for dosing . to control that six doses have been taken at the end of each treatment day , you should use the weekly dose recording card provided with the delivery system . on that card you should write down the date of the first use of the weekly supply , the time of the vial opening ( i . e . when you connect the vial adapter to the vial ) and track each time you use an eye drop of this medicine , over the week . if you use more oxervate than you should if you use more than you should , flush the affected eye with lukewarm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . using more oxervate than is recommended is not likely to be harmful . continue with your next dose as scheduled . if you forget to use oxervate continue with your next dose as scheduled . do not use a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . you can give the missed dose 2 hours after your last scheduled dose of the day , provided this is still within 12 hours from first opening the daily vial . do not use more than 6 drops each day in the affected eye ( s ). if you stop using oxervate the lesion or ulcer in your eye will worsen and could lead to infections or impaired vision . speak to your doctor first if you intend to stop using oxervate . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
since libmeldy is made from your child ' s own stem cells , your child ' s bone marrow or blood will be collected to prepare the medicine about 2 months before treatment . bone marrow can be collected from your child ' s hip bones and blood can be drawn from your child ' s vein . for more details please ask your doctor . if stem cells are collected from your child ' s bone marrow : your child will be given medicines to relax and prevent pain or make them unconscious before the procedure . the doctor will collect your child ' s bone marrow using a special syringe . if stem cells are collected from your child ' s blood : your child will first be given a mobilisation medicine to move the blood stem cells from your child ' s bone marrow into their blood stream . the blood stem cells can then be collected by a machine that separates blood components ( apheresis machine ). it may take more than 1 day to collect enough blood stem cells to make libmeldy . the collected stem cells from the bone marrow or blood will be divided into : the backup sample , which will be frozen and stored , to be given to your child as replacement stem cells if libmeldy cannot be given or does not work ( see ' when libmeldy treatment cannot be completed ' in section 2 ). the treatment sample , which will be sent away to make libmeldy , by inserting a working copy of the arsa gene into the stem cells in the sample . how your child is given libmeldy libmeldy will be given to your child in a qualified treatment centre and by doctors trained in using this type of medicine . the doctors will check that the libmeldy infusion bags are all identified as being made from your child ' s own sample . libmeldy is a one - time treatment . it will not be given to your child again . when what happens why about 2 months before libmeldy infusion mobilisation medicine is given if libmeldy is made from blood stem cells to move the blood stem cells from your child ' s bone marrow into the blood stream . about 2 months before libmeldy infusion blood or bone marrow is collected to make libmeldy and to serve as replacement cells if needed . 5 days before libmeldy infusion a conditioning medicine is given for 34 days in a hospital to prepare your child ' s bone marrow for treatment by destroying cells in the bone marrow so they can be replaced with the modified cells in libmeldy . to 30 minutes before libmeldy infusion a medicine called an antihistamine may be given to help prevent an allergic reaction to the infusion start of libmeldy infusion libmeldy is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will be in a hospital and will take about 30 minutes for each infusion bag . the number of bags will vary by patient . to add stem cells containing the arsa gene into your child ' s bone marrow . after libmeldy infusion your child will remain in the hospital for about 412 weeks to recover and be monitored to check if your child ' s treatment is working and help if they have any side effects until the doctor is satisfied that it is safe for your child to leave the hospital .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or diabetes nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist , or diabetes nurse if you are not sure . two strengths of byetta are available : byetta 5 micrograms and byetta 10 micrograms . your doctor may tell you to use byetta 5 micrograms twice a day to start with . after using byetta 5 micrograms twice a day for 30 days the doctor may increase your dose to byetta 10 micrograms twice a day . if you are over 70 years old or have problems with your kidneys it may take longer than 30 days to tolerate the byetta 5 micrograms dose and so your doctor may not increase your dose . one injection of your pre - filled pen will give you your dose . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should inject this medicine at any time within the 60 minutes ( 1 hour ) before your morning and evening meals , or before your two main meals of the day , which should be about 6 hours or more apart . do not use this medicine after your meal . you should inject this medicine under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) of your upper leg ( thigh ), stomach area ( abdomen ), or upper arm . if you are using byetta and an insulin you must make two separate injections . you will not need to test your sugar levels on a day - by - day basis to set the dose of byetta . however , if you are also using a sulphonylurea or an insulin your doctor may tell you to check your blood sugar levels to adjust the dose of sulphonylurea or insulin . if you are using insulin , your doctor will tell you how to reduce the dose of insulin and will recommend that you monitor your blood sugar more frequently , in order to avoid hyperglycaemia ( high blood sugar ) and diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ). see the accompanying pen user manual for instructions for using the byetta pen . your doctor or nurse must teach you how to inject byetta before you use it for the first time . becton , dickinson and company needles are suitable to use with the byetta pen . injection needles are not included . use a new injection needle for each injection and dispose of it after each use . this medicine is for you ; never share a byetta pen with others . if you use more byetta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital right away . using too much of this medicine can cause nausea , vomiting , dizziness , or symptoms of low blood sugar ( see section 4 ). if you forget to use byetta if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip that dose and use your next dose at the next prescribed time . do not use an extra dose or increase the amount of your next dose to make up for the one you missed . if you stop using byetta if you feel you should stop using this medicine , consult your doctor first . if you stop using this medicine this can affect your blood sugar levels . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or diabetes nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zepatier if you have ever taken any medicines for hepatitis c or if you have any other medical condition . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with or without food . your doctor will tell you how many weeks you should take zepatier for . swallow the tablet whole with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have problems swallowing tablets . if you take more zepatier than you should if you take more zepatier than you should , talk to a doctor straight away . take the medicine pack with you so that you can show the doctor what you have taken . if you forget to take zepatier it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose , work out how long it is since you should have taken zepatier : if it has been less than 16 hours since you should have taken your dose , take the missed dose as soon as possible . then take your next dose at your usual time . if it has been more than 16 hours since you should have taken your dose , do not take the missed dose . wait and take your next dose at your usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses together ) to make up for a forgotten dose . do not stop taking zepatier do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . it is very important that you complete the full course of treatment . this will give the medicine the best chance to treat your hepatitis c infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of erelzi is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . erelzi is available as 25 mg strength and 50 mg strength . use in adult patients ( aged 18 years or over ) rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , and axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 25 mg given twice a week or 50 mg once a week as an injection under the skin . however , your doctor may determine an alternative frequency at which to inject erelzi . plaque psoriasis the usual dose is 25 mg twice a week or 50 mg once a week . alternatively , 50 mg may be given twice a week for up to 12 weeks , followed by 25 mg twice a week or 50 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how long you should use erelzi and whether retreatment is needed based on your response . if erelzi has no effect on your condition after 12 weeks , your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine . use in children and adolescents the appropriate dose and frequency of dosing for the child or adolescent will depend on body weight and disease . your doctor will determine the correct dose for the child and will prescribe an appropriate strength of etanercept . paediatric patients weighing 62 . 5 kg or more can be dosed 25 mg given twice a week or 50 mg given once a week using a fixed - dose pre - filled syringe or pre - filled pen . other etanercept products with appropriate dosage forms for children are available . for polyarthritis or extended oligoarthritis in patients from the age of 2 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more , or enthesitis - related arthritis or psoriatic arthritis in patients from the age of 12 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more , the usual dose is 25 mg given twice a week or 50 mg given once a week . for psoriasis in patients from the age of 6 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more , the usual dose is 50 mg and should be given once weekly . if erelzi has no effect on the child ' s condition after 12 weeks , your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine . the doctor will provide you with detailed directions for preparing and measuring the appropriate dose . method and route of administration erelzi is administered by an injection under the skin ( by subcutaneous injection ). erelzi can be taken with or without food or drink . detailed instructions on how to inject erelzi are provided in section 7 , " instructions for use of the erelzi pre - filled syringe ". do not mix the erelzi solution with any other medicine . to help you remember , it may be helpful to write in a diary which day ( s ) of the week erelzi should be used . if you use more erelzi than you should if you have used more erelzi than you should ( either by injecting too much on a single occasion or by using it too frequently ), talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . always have the outer carton of the medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to inject erelzi if you forget a dose , you should inject it as soon as you remember , unless the next scheduled dose is the next day ; in which case you should skip the missed dose . then continue to inject the medicine on the usual day ( s ). if you do not remember until the day that the next injection is due , do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using erelzi your symptoms may return upon discontinuation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
cubicin will usually be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . adults ( 18 years of age and above ) the dose will depend on how much you weigh and the type of infection being treated . the usual dose for adults is 4 mg for every kilogram ( kg ) of body weight once daily for skin infections or 6 mg for every kg of body weight once daily for a heart infection or a blood infection associated with skin or heart infection . in adult patients , this dose is given directly into your blood stream ( into a vein ), either as an infusion lasting about 30 minutes or as an injection lasting about 2 minutes . the same dose is recommended in people aged over 65 years provided their kidneys are working well . if your kidneys do not work well , you may receive cubicin less often , e . g . once every other day . if you are receiving dialysis , and your next dose of cubicin is due on a dialysis day , you will be usually given cubicin after the dialysis session . children and adolescents ( 1 to 17 years of age ) the dose for children and adolescents ( 1 to 17 years of age ) will depend on the age of patient and the type of infection being treated . this dose is given directly into the blood stream ( into a vein ), as an infusion lasting about 30 - 60 minutes . a course of treatment usually lasts for 1 to 2 weeks for skin infections . for blood or heart infections and skin infections your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . detailed instructions for use and handling are given at the end of the leaflet .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the typical dose is 0 . 04 to 0 . 12 mg / kg of patient weight administered twice a day . see the ' instructions for use ' at the end of this leaflet . inject increlex just under your skin shortly before or after a meal or snack because it may have insulin - like hypoglycaemic effects and so it may decrease blood sugar levels ( see hypoglycaemia in section 4 ). do not inject your dose of increlex if you cannot eat for any reason . do not make up the missed dose by giving two doses the next time . the next dose should be taken as usual , with a meal or snack . inject increlex just below the skin in your upper arm , upper leg ( thigh ), stomach area ( abdomen ), or buttocks . never inject it into a vein or muscle . change the injection site for each injection . only use increlex that is clear and colourless . treatment with mecasermin is a long - term therapy . for further information ask the doctor . if you use more increlex than you should mecasermin , like insulin , may lower blood sugar levels ( see hypoglycaemia in section 4 ). if more increlex than recommended was injected , contact your doctor immediately . acute overdose could lead to hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ). treatment of acute overdose of mecasermin should be directed at reversing hypoglycaemia . sugar - containing fluids or food should be consumed . if the patient is not awake or alert enough to drink sugar - containing fluids , an injection of glucagon into the muscle may be necessary to reverse the low blood sugar . your doctor or nurse will instruct you how to give the injection of glucagon . long - term overdose may result in enlargement of certain body parts ( e . g ., hands , feet , parts of the face ) or excessive growth of the whole body . if you suspect long - term overdose , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to use increlex do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if a dose is skipped , the next dose should not be made larger to compensate . the next dose should be taken as usual , with a meal or snack . if you stop using increlex a disruption or early ending of treatment with mecasermin may impair the success of the growth therapy . please ask the doctor for advice before stopping the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . dosing for pku the recommended starting dose of kuvan in patients with pku is 10 mg for each kg of body weight . take kuvan as a single daily dose with a meal to increase the absorption , and at the same time each day , preferably in the morning . your doctor may adjust your dose , usually between 5 and 20 mg for each kg of body weight per day , depending on your condition . dosing for bh4 deficiency the recommended starting dose of kuvan in patients with bh4 deficiency is 2 to 5 mg for each kg of body weight . take kuvan with a meal to increase the absorption . divide the total daily dose into 2 or 3 doses , taken over the day . your doctor may adjust your dose up to 20 mg for each kg of body weight per day , depending on your condition . the table below is an example of how an appropriate dose is calculated body weight ( kg ) number of 100 mg tablets ( dose 10 mg / kg ) number of 100 mg tablets ( dose 20 mg / kg ) 10 1 2 20 2 4 30 3 6 40 4 8 50 5 10 method of administration for pku patients , the total daily dose is taken once a day at the same time each day , preferably in the morning . for bh4 deficiency patients , the total daily dose is divided into 2 or 3 doses over the day . use in all patients place the prescribed number of tablets in a glass or cup of water as accurately described below and stir until dissolved . it may take a few minutes for the tablets to dissolve . to make the tablets dissolve faster you can crush them . small particles may be visible in the solution , but they will not affect the effectiveness of the medicine . drink the dissolved preparation of kuvan with a meal within 15 to 20 minutes of its preparation . do not swallow the desiccant capsule contained in the bottle . use in patients above 20 kg body weight place the tablets in a glass or cup ( 120 to 240 ml ) of water and stir until dissolved . use in children up to 20 kg body weight the dose is based on body weight . this will change as your child grows . your doctor will tell you : the number of kuvan tablets needed for one dose the amount of water needed to mix one dose of kuvan the amount of solution you will need to give your child for their prescribed dose your child should drink the solution with a meal . give your child the prescribed amount of solution within 15 to 20 minutes after dissolving . if you are not able to give your child ' s dose within 15 to 20 minutes after dissolving the tablets , you will need to prepare a new solution as the unused solution should not be used beyond 20 minutes . supplies needed to prepare and give your child ' s dose of kuvan the number of kuvan tablets needed for one dose a medicine cup with graduation markings at 20 , 40 , 60 and 80 ml a glass or cup small spoon or clean utensil for stirring oral syringe ( graduated in 1 ml divisions ) ( 10 ml syringe for administration of volumes of ≤ 10 ml or 20 ml syringe for administration of volumes of > 10 ml ) ask your doctor for the medicine cup for dissolving the tablets and the 10 ml or 20 ml oral syringe if you do not have these supplies . steps for preparing and taking your dose : place the prescribed number of tablets in the medicine cup . pour the amount of water into the medicine cup , as instructed by your doctor ( e . g . your doctor told you to use 20 ml for dissolving one kuvan tablet ). check to make sure that the amount of liquid lines up with the amount that your doctor tells you . stir with the small spoon or clean utensil until the tablets dissolve . if your doctor told you to administer only a portion of the solution , point the tip of the oral syringe into the medicine cup . slowly pull back the plunger to withdraw the amount as instructed by your doctor . transfer the solution by pushing on the plunger slowly until all of the solution in the oral syringe is transferred to a glass or cup for administration ( e . g . if your doctor told you to dissolve two kuvan tablets in 40 ml water and administer 30 ml to your child , you would have to use the 20 ml oral syringe two times to draw up 30 ml ( e . g . ml + 10 ml ) of the solution and transfer it to a glass or cup for administration ). use a 10 ml oral syringe for administration of volumes ≤ 10 ml or a 20 ml oral syringe for administration of volumes > 10 ml . if your baby is too small to drink from a glass or a cup you may administer the solution via the oral syringe . draw up the prescribed volume from the solution prepared in the medicine cup and place the tip of the oral syringe into your baby ' s mouth . point the tip of the oral syringe towards either cheek . push on the plunger slowly , a small amount at a time , until all of the solution in the oral syringe is given . throw away any remaining solution . remove the plunger from the barrel of the oral syringe . wash both parts of the oral syringe and the medicine cup with warm water and air dry . when the oral syringe is dry , put the plunger back into the barrel . store the oral syringe and the medicine cup for next use . if you take more kuvan than you should if you take more kuvan than prescribed , you may experience side effects that could include headache and dizziness . immediately contact your doctor or pharmacist if you take more kuvan than prescribed . if you forget to take kuvan do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking kuvan do not stop taking kuvan without prior discussion with your doctor , as phenylalanine levels in your blood may increase . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 15 mg or of 30 mg of pioglitazone to be taken once daily . your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 45 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of actos is too weak , talk to your doctor . when actos is taken in combination with other medicines used to treat diabetes ( such as insulin , chlorpropamide , glibenclamide , gliclazide , tolbutamide ) your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a smaller dose of your medicines . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with actos . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a special diet for diabetes , you should continue with this while you are taking actos . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more actos than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take actos take actos daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking actos actos should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using actos , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take ebixa exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of ebixa for adults and older people is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a 10 mg tablet week 2 one 10 mg tablet week 3 one and a half 10 mg tablets week 4 and beyond two 10 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet once a day ( 1x 5 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 1 and a half tablets once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 2 tablets once a day ( 1x 20 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired kidney function if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration ebixa should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take ebixa as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor should assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you take more ebixa than you should - in general , taking too much ebixa should not result in any harm to you . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 . " possible side effects ". - if you take a large overdose of ebixa , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take ebixa - if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of ebixa , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . v . reg_002625 37 . 0 64 if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet per day which should be swallowed with water or another liquid . you should take your medicine regularly at the same time each day . you can take it with or without food . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . once at the start of treatment . then , the usual dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . per day you should continue taking clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . for as long as your doctor has told you to take it . if you take more clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . than you should if you ( or someone else ) swallow a lot of the tablets all together , or if you think a child has swallowed any of the tablets , contact your nearest hospital casualty department or your doctor immediately . an overdose is likely to cause an increased risk of bleeding . please take this leaflet , any remaining tablets and the container with you to the hospital or doctor so that they know which tablets were consumed . if you forget to take clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva pharma b . v ., but remember within 12 hours of the missed dose , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva pharma b . v ., but don ' t remember within 12 hours of the missed dose , skip the missed dose and take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . do not stop taking clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . without discussing it with your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with some water . ziagen can be taken with or without food . if you cannot swallow the tablet ( s ), you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . stay in regular contact with your doctor ziagen helps to control your condition . you need to keep taking it every day to stop your illness getting worse . you may still develop other infections and illnesses linked to hiv infection . keep in touch with your doctor , and do not stop taking ziagen without your doctor ' s advice . how much to take adults , adolescents and children weighing at least 25 kg the usual dose of ziagen is 600 mg a day . this can be taken either as one 300 mg tablet twice a day or two 300 mg tablets once a day . children from one year of age weighing less than 25 kg the dose given depends on the body weight of your child . the recommended dose is : children weighing at least 20 kg and less than 25 kg : the usual dose of ziagen is 450 mg a day . this can be given as 150 mg ( half of a tablet ) taken in the morning and 300 mg ( one whole tablet ) taken in the evening , or 450 mg ( one and a half tablets ) once a day as advised by your doctor . children weighing at least 14 kg and less than 20 kg : the usual dose of ziagen is 300 mg a day . this can be given as 150 mg ( half of a tablet ) twice daily , or 300 mg ( one whole tablet ) once a day as advised by your doctor . the tablet can be divided into equal doses . an oral solution ( 20 mg abacavir / ml ) is also available for the treatment of children over three months of age and weighing less than 14 kg , or for people who need a lower than usual dose , or who cannot take tablets . if you take more ziagen than you should if you accidentally take too much ziagen , tell your doctor or your pharmacist , or contact your nearest hospital emergency department for further advice . if you forget to take ziagen if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . then continue your treatment as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . it is important to take ziagen regularly , because if you take it at irregular intervals , you may be more likely to have a hypersensitivity reaction . if you have stopped taking ziagen if you have stopped taking ziagen for any reason - especially because you think you are having side effects , or because you have other illness : talk to your doctor before you start taking it again . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if the doctor thinks they may have been related , you will be told never again to take ziagen , or any other medicine containing abacavir ( e . g . triumeq , trizivir or kivexa ). it is important that you follow this advice . if your doctor advises that you can start taking ziagen again , you may be asked to take your first doses in a place where you will have ready access to medical care if you need it .
always take xenical exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of xenical is one 120 mg capsule taken with each of the three main meals per day . it can be taken immediately before , during a meal or up to one hour after a meal . the capsule should be swallowed with water . xenical should be taken with a well - balanced , calorie controlled diet that is rich in fruit and vegetables and contains an average of 30 % of the calories from fat . your daily intake of fat , carbohydrate and protein should be distributed over three meals . this means you will usually take one capsule at breakfast time , one capsule at lunch time and one capsule at dinner time . to gain optimal benefit , avoid the intake of food containing fat between meals , such as biscuits , chocolate and savoury snacks . xenical only works in the presence of dietary fat . therefore , if you miss a main meal or if you have a meal containing no fat , xenical need not be taken . tell your doctor if , for any reason , you have not taken your medicine exactly as prescribed . otherwise , your doctor may think that it was not effective or well tolerated and may change your treatment unnecessarily . your doctor will discontinue the treatment with xenical after 12 weeks if you have not lost at least 5 % of your body weight as measured at the start of treatment with xenical . xenical has been studied in long - term clinical studies of up to 4 years duration . if you take more xenical than you should if you take more capsules than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor , pharmacist or hospital as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take xenical if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember provided this is within one hour of your last meal , then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose . if you have missed several doses , please inform your doctor and follow the advice given to you . do not change the prescribed dose yourself unless your doctor tells you to . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you should not use viramune on its own . you must take it with at least two other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will recommend the best medicines for you . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dose : the dose is one 200 mg tablet per day for the first 14 days of treatment (" lead - in " period ). after 14 days , the usual dose is one 200 mg tablet twice a day . it is very important that you take only one viramune tablet a day for the first 14 days (" lead - in " period ). if you have any rash during this period , do not increase the dose but consult your doctor . the 14 - day " lead - in " period has been shown to lower the risk of skin rash . as viramune must always be taken together with other hiv antiretroviral medicines , you should follow the instructions for your other medicines carefully . these are supplied in the package leaflets for those medicines . viramune is also available in liquid form as an oral suspension . this is particularly suitable if : - you have problems swallowing tablets - or you are a child weighing less than 50 kg - or you are a child having a body surface area less than 1 . 25 square metres ( your doctor will work out your surface area ). you should continue to take viramune for as long as instructed by your doctor . as explained in ' warnings and precautions ', above , your doctor will monitor you with liver tests or for undesirable effects such as rash . depending on the outcome your doctor may decide to interrupt or stop your viramune treatment . your doctor might then decide to restart you on a lower dose . only take viramune tablets by mouth . do not chew your tablets . you may take viramune with or without food . if you take more viramune than you should do not take more viramune than prescribed by your doctor and described in this leaflet . there is at present little information on the effects of viramune overdose . consult your doctor if you have taken more viramune than you should . if you forget to take viramune try not to miss a dose . if you notice that you have missed a dose within 8 hours of when it was due , take the missed dose as soon as possible . if it has been more than 8 hours since the dose was due only take the next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking viramune taking all doses at the appropriate times : - greatly increases the effectiveness of your combination antiretroviral medicines 140 - reduces the chances of your hiv infection becoming resistant to your antiretroviral medicines . it is important that you continue taking viramune correctly , as described above , unless your doctor instructs you to stop . if you stop taking viramune for more than 7 days your doctor will instruct you to start the 14 day ' lead - in ' period ( described above ) once again , before returning to the twice daily dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take thalidomide celgene exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 200 mg ( 4 x 50 mg capsules ) a day for adults aged 75 years and under or 100 mg ( 2 x 50 mg capsules ) a day for adults aged over 75 years . however your doctor will choose the 36 dose for you , monitor your progress and may adjust your dose . your doctor will tell you how to take thalidomide celgene and for how long you will need to take it ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you take thalidomide celgene "). thalidomide celgene is taken daily in treatment cycles , each cycle lasting 6 weeks , in combination with melphalan and prednisone which are taken on days 1 to 4 of each 6 week cycle . taking this medicine do not break , open or chew the capsules . if powder from a broken thalidomide celgene capsule makes contact with the skin , wash the skin immediately and thoroughly with soap and water . healthcare professionals , caregivers and family members should wear disposable gloves when handling the blister or capsule . gloves should then be removed carefully to prevent skin exposure , placed in a sealable plastic polyethylene bag and disposed of in accordance with local requirements . hands should then be washed thoroughly with soap and water . women who are pregnant or suspect they may be pregnant should not handle the blister or capsule . take this medicine by mouth . swallow the capsules whole with a full glass of water . do not crush or chew . take the capsules as a single dose before going to bed . this will make you less likely to feel sleepy at other times . to remove the capsule from the blister , press only one end of the capsule out to push it through the foil . do not apply pressure on the centre of the capsule as this can cause it to break . if you take more thalidomide celgene than you should if you take more thalidomide celgene than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straightaway . if possible , take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take thalidomide celgene if you forget to take thalidomide celgene at your regular time and less than 12 hours have passed : take your capsules immediately . more than 12 hours have passed : do not take your capsules . take your next capsules at the usual time the next day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
dosage and frequency of administration the dose of equidacent needed depends on your body weight and the kind of cancer to be treated . the recommended dose is 5 mg , 7 . 5 mg , 10 mg or 15 mg per kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of equidacent that is right for you . you will be treated with equidacent once every 2 or 3 weeks . the number of infusions that you receive will depend on how you are responding to treatment - you should continue to receive this medicine until equidacent fails to stop your tumour growing . your doctor will discuss this with you . method and route of administration equidacent is a concentrate for solution for infusion . depending on the dose prescribed for you , some or all of the contents of the equidacent vial will be diluted with sodium chloride solution before use . a doctor or nurse will give you this diluted equidacent solution by intravenous infusion ( a drip into your vein ). the first infusion will be given to you over 90 minutes . if this is well - tolerated the second infusion may be given over 60 minutes . later infusions may be given to you over 30 minutes . the administration of equidacent should be temporarily discontinued if you develop severe high blood pressure requiring treatment with blood pressure medicines , if you have problems with wound healing following surgery , if you undergo surgery . the administration of equidacent should be permanently discontinued if you develop severe high blood pressure which cannot be controlled by blood pressure medicines ; or a sudden severe rise in blood pressure , presence of protein in your urine accompanied by swelling of your body , a hole in your gut wall , an abnormal tube - like connection or passage between the windpipe and the gullet , between internal organs and skin , between the vagina and any parts of the gut or between other tissues that are not normally connected ( fistula ), and are judged by your doctor to be severe , serious infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , a blood clot in your arteries , a blood clot in the blood vessels of your lungs , any severe bleeding . if too much equidacent is given you may develop a severe migraine . if this happens you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if a dose of equidacent is missed your doctor will decide when you should be given your next dose of equidacent . you should discuss this with your doctor . if you stop treatment with equidacent stopping your treatment with equidacent may stop the effect on tumour growth . do not stop treatment with equidacent unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended oral dose of emend is one 40 mg capsule within 3 hours prior to the start of anaesthesia . swallow the capsule whole with some liquid .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is 50 mg once a day . if you are taking certain other medicines , the dose is 50 mg twice a day . for hiv that is resistant to other medicines similar to tivicay , the usual dose is 50 mg , twice a day . your doctor will decide on the correct dose of tivicay for you . swallow the tablet ( s ) with some liquid . tivicay can be taken with or without food . when tivicay is taken twice a day , your doctor may advise you to take with food . tivicay is also available as dispersible tablets . film - coated tablets and dispersible tablets are not the same , therefore do not switch between film - coated tablets and dispersible tablets without first talking to your doctor . use in children and adolescents children ' s dose of tivicay needs to be adjusted as they get older or gain weight . → it is important therefore that children keep planned doctor ' s appointments . children and adolescents weighing at least 20 kg can take the adult dose of 50 mg , once a day or 25 mg twice daily . your doctor will decide how tivicay should be given . for children aged between 6 and 12 years your doctor will decide on the correct dose of tivicay , depending on the weight of your child . to reduce the risk of choking , children must not swallow more than one tablet at a time . tivicay should not be used in children and adolescents with hiv infection that is resistant to other medicines similar to tivicay . antacid medicines 83 antacids , to treat indigestion and heartburn , can stop tivicay being absorbed into your body and make it less effective . do not take an antacid during the 6 hours before you take tivicay , or for at least 2 hours after you take it . other acid - lowering medicines like ranitidine and omeprazole can be taken at the same time as tivicay . → talk to your doctor for further advice on taking acid - lowering medicines with tivicay . calcium supplements , iron supplements or multivitamins calcium supplements , iron supplements or multivitamins can stop tivicay being absorbed into your body and make it less effective . do not take a calcium supplement , iron supplement or multivitamin during the 6 hours before you take tivicay , or for at least 2 hours after you take it . → talk to your doctor for further advice on taking calcium supplements , iron supplements or multivitamins with tivicay . if you take more tivicay than you should if you ( or your child ) take too many tablets of tivicay , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the tivicay pack . if you forget to take tivicay if you ( or your child ) miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . but if your next dose is due within 4 hours , skip the dose you missed and take the next one at the usual time . then continue your treatment as before . don ' t take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . don ' t stop taking tivicay without advice from your doctor take tivicay for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
a healthcare professional must supervise the preparation and use of macimorelin aeterna zentaris . instructions are given at the end of this leaflet on how to prepare the test . the description in this leaflet is for your information on the testing procedure . you must be fasting for at least 8 hours before you are given macimorelin aeterna zentaris . you may not perform strenuous physical exercises 24 hours before the test . you can drink up to 100 ml of still water within 1 hour before and within 1 hour after intake of macimorelin aeterna zentaris . dose the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg macimorelin aeterna zentaris per kg body weight . this corresponds to a volume of 1 ml of the prepared suspension per kg body weight . you have to drink the complete test dose within 30 seconds . you will have three blood samples taken to measure growth hormone , one sample each at 45 , 60 and 90 minutes after taking the test dose . if you are given more macimorelin aeterna zentaris than you should if you are given more macimorelin aeterna zentaris than you should , tell your doctor or nurse . possible side effects in cases of overdosing could include headache , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea . in case you should have heart rhythm disturbances , an ecg monitoring will be performed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults with rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis solymbic is injected under the skin ( subcutaneous use ). the usual dose for adults with rheumatoid arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis , and for patients with psoriatic arthritis is 40 mg given every other week as a single dose . in rheumatoid arthritis , methotrexate is continued while using solymbic . if your doctor determines that methotrexate is inappropriate , solymbic can be given alone . if you have rheumatoid arthritis and you do not receive methotrexate with your solymbic therapy , your doctor may decide to give 40 mg every week . children with enthesitis - related arthritis the recommended dose of solymbic for patients with enthesitis - related arthritis , aged 6 to 17 years depends on the height and weight of the child . your child ' s doctor will tell you the correct dose to use . adults with psoriasis the usual dose for adults with psoriasis is an initial dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg given every other week starting one week after the initial dose . you should continue to inject solymbic for as long as your doctor has told you . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . children or adolescents with plaque psoriasis the recommended dose of solymbic for patients aged 4 to 17 years with plaque psoriasis depends on the weight of your child . solymbic should only be used in patients weighing either 23 to 28 kg or 47 kg and greater . your child ' s doctor will tell you the correct dose to use . adults with hidradenitis suppurativa 68 the usual dose regimen for hidradenitis suppurativa is an initial dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day or two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ), followed by an 80 mg dose ( as two 40 mg injections on the same day ) two weeks later . after two further weeks , continue with a dose of 40 mg every week . it is recommended that you use an antiseptic wash daily on the affected areas . adults with crohn ' s disease the usual dose regimen for crohn ' s disease is 80 mg initially followed by 40 mg every other week two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day or two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ), followed by 80 mg two weeks later , and thereafter as 40 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . children or adolescents with crohn ' s disease children or adolescents weighing less than 40 kg : the usual dose regimen is 40 mg initially followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in 1 day ) followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose frequency to 20 mg every week . children or adolescents weighing 40 kg or more : the usual dose regimen is 80 mg initially followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in 1 day or as two 40 mg injections per day for 2 consecutive days ) followed by 80 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . adults with ulcerative colitis the usual solymbic dose for adults with ulcerative colitis is 160 mg initially ( dose can be administered as four 40 mg injections in one day or as two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ) followed by 80 mg two weeks later , then 40 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 40 mg every week . adults with non - infectious uveitis the usual dose for adults with non - infectious uveitis is an initial dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg given every other week starting one week after the initial dose . you should continue to inject solymbic for as long as your doctor has told you . in non - infectious uveitis , corticosteroids or other medicines that influence the immune system may be continued while using solymbic . solymbic can also be given alone . method and route of administration solymbic is administered by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). if you use more solymbic than you should 69 if you accidentally inject solymbic more frequently than told to by your doctor or pharmacist , you should call your doctor or pharmacist and tell him / her that you have taken more . always take the outer carton of this medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to use solymbic if you forget to give yourself an injection , you should inject it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose as you would have on your originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if you stop using solymbic the decision to stop using solymbic should be discussed with your doctor . your symptoms may return upon discontinuation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . comtess is taken together with medicines containing levodopa ( either levodopa / carbidopa preparations or levodopa / benserazide preparations ). you may also use other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease at the same time . the recommended dose of comtess is one 200 mg tablet with each levodopa dose . the maximum recommended dose is 10 tablets per day , i . e . 2 , 000 mg of comtess . if you are receiving dialysis for renal insufficiency , your doctor may tell you to increase the time between doses . to open the bottle for the first time : open the closure , and then press with your thumb on the seal until it breaks . see picture 1 . picture 1 use in children and adolescents experience with comtess in patients under 18 years is limited . therefore , the use of comtess in children or adolescents cannot be recommended . if you take more comtess than you should in the event of an overdose , consult your doctor , pharmacist or the nearest hospital immediately . if you forget to take comtess if you forget to take the comtess tablet with your levodopa dose , you should continue the treatment by taking the next comtess tablet with your next levodopa dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking comtess do not stop taking comtess unless your doctor tells you to . when stopping your doctor may need to re - adjust the dosage of your other medicines to treat parkinson ´ s disease . suddenly stopping comtess and other medicines to treat parkinson ´ s disease may result in unwanted side effects . see section 2 warnings and precautions . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with them if you are not sure . translarna is available in the following sachet strengths : 125 mg , 250 mg and 1000 mg of ataluren per sachet . your doctor or pharmacist will tell you the exact number of sachets and what strength to take at each time . your dose of translarna depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg / kg body weight in the morning , 10 mg / kg body weight at midday , and 20 mg / kg body weight in the evening ( adding up to a total daily dose of 40 mg / kg body weight ). the medicine is taken by mouth mixed in liquid or semi - solid food . open the sachet only at the time you are taking the medicine and use the entire amount from the sachet . the full contents of each sachet should be mixed with at least 30 ml of liquid ( water , milk , fruit juice ) or 3 tablespoons of semi - solid food ( yoghurt or apple sauce ). mix the prepared dose well before taking it . the amount of the liquid or semi - solid food can be increased based on your preference . posology table weight range ( kg ) number of sachets morning midday evening 125 mg sachets 250 mg sachets 1000 mg sachets 125 mg sachets 250 mg sachets 1000 mg sachets 125 mg sachets 250 mg sachets 1000 mg sachets 12 14 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 15 16 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 17 20 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 21 23 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 24 26 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 2 0 27 31 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 2 0 32 35 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 2 0 36 39 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 3 0 40 44 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 3 0 45 46 0 2 0 0 2 0 1 3 0 47 55 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 0 1 56 62 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 1 1 63 69 0 3 0 0 3 0 0 1 1 70 78 0 3 0 0 3 0 0 2 1 79 86 0 3 0 0 3 0 0 3 1 87 93 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 3 1 94 105 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 2 106 111 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 2 112 118 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 2 119 125 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 2 2 38 take translarna by mouth 3 times per day ; in the morning , midday and evening . there should be 6 hours between morning and midday doses , 6 hours between midday and evening doses , and 12 hours between the evening dose and the first dose on the next day . for example , you might take translarna at 7 : 00 am in the morning with breakfast , at 1 : 00 pm in the afternoon with lunch , and again at around 7 : 00 pm in the evening with dinner . drink water or other liquids regularly to avoid dehydration while taking translarna . if you take more translarna than you should contact your doctor if you take more than the recommended dose of translarna . you may experience mild headache , nausea , vomiting or diarrhoea . if you forget to take translarna if you are late in taking translarna by less than 3 hours after the morning or midday doses , or by less than 6 hours after the evening dose , take the dose . remember to take the next dose on time . if you are late by more than 3 hours after the morning or midday doses , or by more than 6 hours after the evening dose , do not take the dose . but , take the next doses on time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . it is important to take the correct dose . translarna may not be as effective in treating your symptoms if you take more than the recommended dose . if you stop taking translarna do not stop taking translarna without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
xgeva should be administered under the responsibility of a healthcare professional . the recommended dose of xgeva is 120 mg administered once every 4 weeks , as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneous ). xgeva will be injected into your thigh , abdomen or upper arm . if you are being treated for giant cell tumour of bone , you will receive an additional dose 1 week and 2 weeks after the first dose . do not shake . you should also take calcium and vitamin d supplements while being treated with xgeva unless you have an excess of calcium in the blood . your doctor will discuss this with you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for adults , the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 6 to 8 hours apart ) taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 1 year to 17 years old , the recommended dose is either 10 mg three times a day for children and adolescents ≤ 20 kg or 20 mg three times a day for children and adolescents > 20 kg , taken with or without food . higher doses should not be used in children . this medicine should be used only in case of administration of 20 mg three times a day . other pharmaceutical forms may be more appropriate for administration to patients ≤ 20 kg and other younger patients who are not able to swallow tablets . if you take more granpidam than you should you should not take more medicine than your doctor tells you to . if you take more medicine than you have been told to take contact your doctor immediately . taking more granpidam than you should may increase the risk of known side effects . if you forget to take granpidam if you forget to take granpidam , take a dose as soon as you remember , then continue to take your medicine at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking granpidam suddenly stopping your treatment with granpidam may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking granpidam unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is only to be used under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the treatment of alpha - mannosidosis or other similar diseases and should only be given by a healthcare professional . dosage the recommended dose of lamzede is 1 mg / kg of body weight given once every week . use in children and adolescents lamzede may be given to children and adolescents at the same dose and frequency as in adults . there is no experience with patients younger than 6 years of age . administration lamzede is supplied in a vial as a powder for infusion which will be made up with water for injections before being given . once it has been made up , the medicine will be given by infusion pump ( drip ) into a vein over a period of at least 50 minutes under your doctor ' s supervision . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much tasigna to take use in adults - patients newly diagnosed with cml : the recommended dose is 600 mg per day . this dose is achieved by taking two hard capsules of 150 mg twice a day . - patients who are no longer benefiting from previous treatment for cml : the recommended dose is 800 mg per day . this dose is achieved by taking two hard capsules of 200 mg twice a day . use in children and adolescents - the dose given to your child will depend on your child ' s body weight and height . the doctor will calculate the correct dose to use and tell you which and how many capsules of tasigna to give to your child . the total daily dose you give to your child must not exceed 800 mg . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . older people ( age 65 years and over ) tasigna can be used by people aged 65 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to take tasigna take the hard capsules : - twice a day ( approximately every 12 hours ); - at least 2 hours after any food ; - then wait 1 hour before eating again . if you have questions about when to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . taking tasigna at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your hard capsules . how to take tasigna - swallow the hard capsules whole with water . - do not take any food together with the hard capsules . - do not open the hard capsules unless you are unable to swallow them . if so , you may sprinkle the content of each hard capsule in one teaspoon of apple sauce and take it immediately . do not use more than one teaspoon of apple sauce for each hard capsule and do not use any food other than apple sauce . how long to take tasigna continue taking tasigna every day for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . your doctor may consider discontinuing your treatment with tasigna based on specific criteria . if you have questions about how long to take tasigna , talk to your doctor . if you take more tasigna than you should if you have taken more tasigna than you should have , or if someone else accidentally takes your hard capsules , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of hard capsules and this package leaflet . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take tasigna if you miss a dose , take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten hard capsule . if you stop taking tasigna do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to do so . stopping tasigna without your doctor ' s recommendation places you at risk for worsening of your disease which could have life - threatening consequences . be sure to discuss with your doctor , nurse , and / or pharmacist if you are considering stopping tasigna . if your doctor recommends that you discontinue treatment with tasigna your doctor will regularly evaluate your treatment with a specific diagnostic test and decide whether you should continue to take this medicine . if you are told to discontinue tasigna , your doctor will continue to carefully monitor your cml before , during and after you have discontinued tasigna and may tell you to re - start tasigna if your condition indicates that this is necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will want to carry out a special scan before administering quadramet to ascertain whether you are likely to benefit from quadramet . dosage one single dose of 37 megabecquerel ( becquerel is the unit in which radioactivity is measured ) of quadramet per kilogram of body weight is to be injected . if you have the impression that the effect of quadramet is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . method and route of administration quadramet is to be administered by slow injection into a vein . frequency of administration this medicinal product is not intended to be injected on a regular or continuous basis . the administration can however be repeated after 8 weeks following injection , subject to the evolution of your disease . duration of treatment you will be authorised to leave the nuclear medicine department after a dosimetric follow - up ( generally within 6 hours following quadramet injection ). if you take more quadramet than you should quadramet being supplied as a single - dose vial , an accidental overdose is unlikely to occur . radiation dose to the body can be limited by increasing fluid intake and frequent voiding of urine . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 15 mg or of 30 mg of pioglitazone to be taken once daily . your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 45 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of glustin is too weak , talk to your doctor . when glustin is taken in combination with other medicines used to treat diabetes ( such as insulin , chlorpropamide , glibenclamide , gliclazide , tolbutamide ) your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a smaller dose of your medicines . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with glustin . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a special diet for diabetes , you should continue with this while you are taking glustin . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more glustin than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take glustin take glustin daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking glustin glustin should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using glustin , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with kengrexal will be supervised by a doctor experienced in caring for patients with heart disease . the doctor will decide how much kengrexal you receive , and will prepare the medicine . kengrexal is for injection , followed by infusion ( drip ), into a vein . the dose given depends on your weight . the recommended dose is : 30 micrograms per kilogram body weight by injection , followed immediately by 4 micrograms per kilogram body weight per minute by infusion ( drip ), for at least 2 hours . the doctor will decide if you will need to be treated for longer periods . if you use more kengrexal than you should this medicine will be given to you by a healthcare professional . your doctor will decide how to treat you , including stopping the medicine and monitoring for signs of side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how besponsa is given your doctor will decide on the correct dose . a doctor or nurse will give you besponsa through a drip in your vein ( intravenous infusion ) which will run for 1 hour . each dose is given weekly and each treatment cycle is 3 doses . if the medicine works well and you are going to receive a stem cell transplant ( see section 2 ), you may receive 2 cycles or a maximum of 3 cycles of treatment . if the medicine works well , but you are not going to receive a stem cell transplant ( see section 2 ), you may receive up to a maximum of 6 cycles of treatment . if you do not respond to the medicine within 3 cycles , your treatment will be stopped . your doctor may change your dose , interrupt , or completely stop treatment with besponsa if you have certain side effects . your doctor may lower your dose based on your response to treatment . your doctor will do blood tests during the treatment to check for side effects and for response to treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . medicines given before treatment with besponsa before your treatment with besponsa , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medications ) to help reduce infusion reactions and other possible side effects . these may include corticosteroids ( e . g ., dexamethasone ), antipyretics ( medicines to reduce fever ), and antihistamines ( medicines to reduce allergic reactions ). before your treatment with besponsa , you may be given medicines and be hydrated to prevent tumour lysis syndrome from occurring . tumour lysis syndrome is associated with a variety of symptoms in the stomach and intestines ( for example , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea ), heart ( for example , changes in the rhythm ), kidney ( for example , decreased urine , blood in urine ), and nerves and muscles ( for example , muscular spasms , weakness , cramps ).
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of memantine ratiopharm for adults and older patients is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a 10 mg tablet week 2 one 10 mg tablet week 3 one and a half 10 mg tablets week 4 and beyond two 10 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet once a day ( 1x 5 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to one and a half tablets once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is two tablets once a day ( 1x 20 mg ). the tablet can be divided into equal doses . dosage in patients with impaired kidney function if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration memantine ratiopharm should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take memantine ratiopharm as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor should assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you take more memantine ratiopharm than you should in general , taking too much memantine ratiopharm should not result in any harm to you . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 . " possible side effects ". if you take a large overdose of memantine ratiopharm , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take memantine ratiopharm if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of memantine ratiopharm , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with food . treatment should continue for as long as your doctor tells you . usually this is for at least 6 to 12 months and may be for many years . if you take more vemlidy than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose of vemlidy you may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take vemlidy it is important not to miss a dose of vemlidy . if you do miss a dose , work out how long since you should have taken it . if it is less than 18 hours after you usually take vemlidy , take it as soon as you can , and then take your next dose at its regular time . if it is more than 18 hours after you usually take vemlidy , then do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you are sick ( vomit ) less than 1 hour after taking vemlidy , take another tablet . you do not need to take another tablet if you are sick ( vomit ) more than 1 hour after taking vemlidy . if you stop taking vemlidy do not stop taking vemlidy without your doctor ' s advice . stopping treatment with vemlidy may cause your hepatitis b to get worse . in some patients with advanced liver disease or cirrhosis , this could be life - threatening . if you stop taking vemlidy , you will need regular health checks and blood tests for several months to check your hepatitis b infection . talk to your doctor before you stop taking vemlidy for any reason , particularly if you are experiencing any side effects or you have another illness . tell your doctor immediately about new or unusual symptoms after you stop treatment , particularly symptoms you associate with hepatitis b infection . talk to your doctor before you restart taking vemlidy tablets . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 tablets three times a day - this is a total of 6 tablets per day . taking this medicine - take the tablets with food - this helps to get more of the medicine from your stomach into your blood . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of liquid . - do not crush or chew the tablets . - take the tablets at the same time of day each day . for example in the morning at breakfast , with lunch at mid - day and with dinner in the evening . if you take more raxone than you should if you take more raxone than you should , talk to your doctor straight away . if you forget to take raxone if you forget a dose , skip the missed dose . take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking raxone talk to your doctor before you stop taking this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
- always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure - your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of numient to take each day - if you have never had levodopa before , the usual starting dose for numient is one 95 mg capsule three times a day for three days . depending on how you respond to treatment your doctor may then increase your dose on day four - if you have had levodopa before , your doctor will determine the appropriate starting dose regimen based on your current levodopa dose - numient should be taken approximately every 6 hours no more than 5 times a day - take this medicine by mouth with a glass of water . you must swallow your capsules whole . do not break , crush or chew the capsules 35 - alternatively , if you have difficulty swallowing a capsule , this medicine may be administered by carefully opening the capsule and sprinkling the entire contents on a small amount ( e . g ., 2 tablespoons ) of soft food such as apple sauce , yoghurt , or pudding . do not heat the medicine / food mixture and do not sprinkle the contents of the capsule on hot food . swallow the medicine / food mixture completely and immediately without chewing and do not store for future use - take the capsules at regular time intervals according to your doctor ' s instructions - do not change the times at which you take your capsules or take any other medicines for parkinson ' s disease without first consulting your doctor . you should not take numient capsules at intervals of less than 4 hours apart - numient can be taken with or without food . avoid taking your capsules with a high fat meal or one high in protein since this will delay the time it takes for the medicine to work . - talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of numient is too strong or too weak , or if you experience possible side effects - depending on how you respond to treatment your doctor may then either increase or decrease your dose and adjust your dosing frequency if you take more numient than you should if you take more numient than you should ( or someone has accidentally ingested numient ) talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . in case of an overdose , you may feel confused or agitated , and your heart rate may be slower or faster than normal . if you forget to take a dose of numient take it as soon as you remember unless it is nearly time to take the next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the remaining doses at the correct time . if you stop taking numient do not stop taking or change your dose of numient without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . do not stop taking numient suddenly this can cause muscle problems , fever and mental changes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of thymanax is one tablet ( 25 mg ) at bedtime . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher dose ( 50 mg ), i . e . two tablets to be taken together at bedtime . method of administration thymanax is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet with a drink of water . thymanax can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment thymanax starts to act on symptoms of depression in most depressed people within two weeks of starting treatment . your depression should be treated for a sufficient period of at least 6 months to ensure that you are free of symptoms . your doctor may continue to give you thymanax when you are feeling better to prevent your depression from returning . if you have trouble with your kidneys , your doctor will make an individual evaluation of whether it is safe for you to take thymanax . surveillance of the liver function ( see also section 2 ): your doctor will run laboratory tests to check that your liver is working properly before starting treatment and then periodically during treatment , usually after 3 weeks , 6 weeks , 12 weeks and 24 weeks . if your doctor increase the dose to 50mg , laboratory tests should be performed at this initiation and then periodically during treatment , usually after 3 weeks , 6 weeks , 12 weeks and 24 weeks . thereafter tests will be taken if the doctor finds it necessary . you must not use thymanax if your liver does not work properly . how to switch from an antidepressant medicine ( ssri / snri ) to thymanax ? if your doctor changes your previous antidepressant medicine from an ssri or snri to thymanax , he / she will advise you on how you should discontinue your previous medicine when starting thymanax . you may experience discontinuation symptoms related to stopping of your previous medicine for a few weeks , even if the dose of your previous antidepressant medicine is decreased gradually . discontinuation symptoms include : dizziness , numbness , sleep disturbances , agitation or anxiety , headaches , feeling sick , being sick and shaking . these effects are usually mild to moderate and disappear spontaneously within a few days . if thymanax is initiated while tapering the dosage of the previous medicine , possible discontinuation symptoms should not be confounded with a lack of early effect of thymanax . you should discuss with your doctor on the best way of stopping your previous antidepressant medicine when starting thymanax . if you take more thymanax than you should if you have taken more thymanax than you should , or if for example a child has taken medicine by accident , contact your doctor immediately . the experience of overdoses with thymanax is limited but reported symptoms include pain in the upper part of the stomach , somnolence , fatigue , agitation , anxiety , tension , dizziness , cyanosis or malaise . if you forget to take thymanax do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just carry on with the next dose at the usual time . the calendar printed on the blister containing the tablets should help you remembering when you last took a tablet of thymanax . if you stop taking thymanax do not stop taking your medicine without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine teva tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of olanzapine teva is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking olanzapine teva unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your olanzapine teva tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . olanzapine teva coated tablets are for oral use . you should swallow the olanzapine teva tablets whole with water . if you take more olanzapine teva than you should patients who have taken more olanzapine teva than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may be : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take olanzapine teva take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking olanzapine teva do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking olanzapine teva for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking olanzapine teva , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . lyrica is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you to take lyrica either twice or three times a day . for twice a day take lyrica once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . for three times a day take lyrica once in the morning , once in the afternoon and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of lyrica is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take lyrica normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking lyrica until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more lyrica than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of lyrica capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more lyrica than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take lyrica it is important to take your lyrica capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lyrica do not stop taking lyrica unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term lyrica treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , headache , nausea , feeling anxious , diarrhoea , flu - like symptoms , convulsions , nervousness , depression , pain , sweating , and dizziness . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking lyrica for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of exforge hct is one tablet per day . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day . morning is the best time . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take exforge hct with or without food . do not take exforge hct with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . if you take more exforge hct than you should if you have accidentally taken too many exforge hct tablets , talk to a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take exforge hct if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember and then take the next dose at its usual time . if it is almost time for your next dose you should simply take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two tablets at once ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking exforge hct stopping your treatment with exforge hct may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . always take this medicine , even if you are feeling well people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many feel normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of exelon to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken exelon for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking exelon . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take exelon twice a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more exelon than you should if you accidentally take more exelon than you should , inform your doctor . you may require medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much exelon have experienced feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high blood pressure and hallucinations . slow heartbeat and fainting may also occur . if you forget to take exelon if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of exelon , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is ... the amount of biograstim you need , will depend on the condition you are taking biograstim for and on your bodyweight . your doctor will tell you when to stop using biograstim . it is quite normal to have a number of courses of biograstim treatment . biograstim and chemotherapy the usual dose is 0 . 5 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram of bodyweight each day . for example , if you weigh 60 kg your daily dose will be 30 million international units ( miu ). you will 59 normally receive your first dose of biograstim at least 24 hours after your chemotherapy . your treatment will usually last for about 14 days . in some disease types however , longer treatment lasting up to about one month may be required . biograstim and bone marrow transplantation the usual starting dose is 1 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram of bodyweight each day . for example , if you weigh 60 kg your daily dose will be 60 million international units ( miu ). you will normally receive your first dose of biograstim at least 24 hours after your chemotherapy but within 24 hours of receiving your bone marrow transfusion . your doctor will test your blood daily to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . the treatment will be discontinued when white cells in your blood reach a certain number . biograstim and severe chronic neutropenia the usual starting dose is between 0 . 5 million and 1 . 2 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram bodyweight each day in a single or divided dose . your doctor will then test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . long - term treatment with biograstim is required for neutropenia . biograstim and neutropenia in patients with hiv infection the usual starting dose is between 0 . 1 and 0 . 4 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will test your blood at regular intervals to see how well the treatment is working . once the number of white cells in your blood have returned to normal it may be possible to reduce the dose frequency to less than once per day . your doctor will continue to test your blood regularly and will recommend the best dose for you . long - term treatment with biograstim may be required to maintain a normal number of white cells in your blood . biograstim and peripheral blood stem cell mobilisation if you are donating stem cells for yourself , the usual dose is 0 . 5 million to 1 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . biograstim treatment will last for up to 2 weeks and in exceptional cases longer . your doctor will monitor your blood to determine the best time to collect the stem cells . if you are acting as a stem cell donor for another person , the usual dose is 1 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . biograstim treatment will last for 4 to 5 days . method of administration this medicine is given by injection , either through an intravenous ( iv ) infusion ( drip ) or a subcutaneous ( sc ) injection ( into the tissue just under the skin ). if you are receiving this medicine by subcutaneous injection , your doctor may suggest that you learn how to give yourself the injections . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . some of the information you require is given at the end of this package leaflet , but proper treatment of your disease requires close and constant co - operation with your doctor . if you use more biograstim than you should if you use more biograstim than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use biograstim do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten injection . if you stop using biograstim before you stop using biograstim , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how the vaccine is given synflorix is always injected into a muscle . this is usually in the thigh or upper arm . how much is given usually , your child ( from 6 weeks to 6 months of age ) will receive a course of 4 injections according to official recommendations or an alternative schedule may be used by the health care professional . it is important to follow the instructions from the doctor or nurse to complete the courses of injections . each injection will be given at least one month apart except for the last injection ( booster ), which will be given at least 6 months after the third injection . the first injection may be given from the age of 6 weeks onwards . the last injection ( booster ) may be given from the age of 9 months onwards . you will be told when your child should come back for the next injections . preterm infants ( born after 27 weeks and less than 37 weeks of pregnancy ): your child ( from 2 months to 6 months of age ) will receive 3 injections with an interval of at least one month between each dose . at least six months after the last injection , your child will receive an additional injection ( booster ). infants aged 7 to 11 months will receive 2 injections . each injection will be given at least one month apart . a third injection ( booster ) will be given in the second year of life with at least two months apart . children aged 12 months to 5 years will receive 2 injections . each injection will be given at least two months apart . special populations : children from 6 weeks up to 5 years of age considered to be at a higher risk of pneumococcal infection ( such as those with hiv infection , sickle cell disease or impaired or abnormal functioning of the spleen ) may receive synflorix . please speak to your doctor for information on the number and timing of injections for your child . if your child misses an injection if your child misses an injection , it is important that you make another appointment . this is so that you and your doctor can talk about what steps need to be taken to protect your child . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the recommended dose is two ampoules each day ( one in the morning and one in the evening ) for 28 days . the dose is the same for all persons aged 6 years and older . inhale by mouth the full content of one ampoule in the morning , and one ampoule in the evening using the tolero nebuliser handset . it is best to have an interval as close as possible to 12 hours between doses , but this interval must be at least 6 hours . after you have used your medicine for 28 days , you then have a 28 - day break , during which you do not inhale any vantobra . you then start another course after the break ( as illustrated ). it is important that you keep using the medicine twice each day during your 28 days on treatment , and that you keep to the 28 - day on / 28 - day off cycle . on vantobra off vantobra use vantobra twice a day for 28 days do not use any vantobra for the next 28 days repeat cycle continue using vantobra on this cyclical basis for as long as your doctor tells you . if you have questions about how long to use vantobra , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . preparing vantobra for inhalation use vantobra only with the tolero nebuliser handset shown in the picture below to make sure you inhale the correct dose . do not use the tolero nebuliser handset for any other medicine . read the instructions for use provided with the handset device before use . make sure you have an eflowrapid or ebase controller to connect the tolero nebuliser handset . the respective controller can be prescribed by your physician or purchased separately . wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . remove one ampoule of vantobra from the aluminium foil pouch just before inhalation . keep the rest of the medicine refrigerated in the original carton . lay out all the pieces of your tolero nebuliser handset on a clean , dry paper or cloth towel . make sure the nebuliser handset is on a flat , stable surface . assemble the tolero nebuliser handset as illustrated in the instructions for use of the handset device . hold the ampoule upright and tap lightly before twisting off the head part to avoid spilling . empty the contents of one ampoule into the medication reservoir of the nebuliser handset . begin your treatment sitting in an upright position , in a well ventilated room . hold the nebuliser handset horizontally and breath normally through your mouth . avoid breathing through your nose . continue to inhale and exhale comfortably until the treatment is finished . when all of the medicine has been delivered , you will hear the " treatment complete " tone . if you need to interrupt your treatment for any reason , press and hold the on / off button for one full second . to re - start the treatment , press and hold the on / off button again for one full second to resume treatment . the tolero nebuliser handset must be cleaned and disinfected as described in the instructions for use of the device . use a new tolero nebuliser handset for each treatment cycle ( 28 days on - treatment ) as provided with the medicine . do not use an alternative untested nebuliser system because it may alter the amount of medicine reaching the lungs . this in turn may alter how well the medicine works and its safety . if you use more vantobra than you should if you inhale too much vantobra you may get a very hoarse voice . tell your doctor as soon as possible . if vantobra is swallowed , it is unlikely to cause severe problems as tobramycin is poorly absorbed from the stomach , but you should still tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use vantobra if you forget to use vantobra and there are at least 6 hours to your next dose , use your dose as soon as you can . otherwise , wait for your next dose . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using vantobra do not stop using vantobra unless your doctor tells you to do so , as your lung infection may not be controlled sufficiently and may become worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with food or between meals . if you take more nilemdo than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take nilemdo if you notice that you forgot : a dose late in a day , take the missed dose and take the next dose at your regular time the next day . the previous day ' s dose , take your tablet at the regular time and do not make up for the forgotten dose . if you stop taking nilemdo do not stop taking nilemdo without your doctor ' s permission as your cholesterol may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
udenyca is for use in adults aged 18 and over . always take udenyca exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . dose the usual dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe . it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy , at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . do not shake udenyca vigorously as this may affect its activity . injecting udenyca yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject udenyca yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with udenyca , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . if you use more udenyca than you should if you use more udenyca than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to inject udenyca if you have forgotten a dose of udenyca , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
general information about taking this medicine : always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose and duration of ribavirin teva depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . use in children and adolescents dosing for children above 3 years of age and adolescents depends on how much the person weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the recommended dose of ribavirin teva combined with interferon alfa - 2b , is shown in the below table . ribavirin teva dose based on body weight when used in combination with interferon alfa - 2b or peginterferon alfa - 2b in children above 3 years of age and adolescents if the child / adolescent weighs ( kg ) usual daily ribavirin teva dose number of 200 mg capsules 47 - 49 600 mg 1 capsule in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening 50 - 65 800 mg 2 capsules in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening > 65 see adult dose take your prescribed dose by mouth with water and during your meal . do not chew the hard capsules . for children or adolescents who cannot swallow a hard capsule , an oral solution of ribavirin is available . reminder : this medicine is used in combination with other medicines for hepatitis c virus infection . for complete information be sure to read the " how to use " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with ribavirin teva . if you take more ribavirin teva than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take ribavirin teva take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose 38
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will determine which medicine and dose is right for you . kalydeco dosing recommendations are provided in table 1 . table 1 : dosing recommendations morning evening kalydeco as monotherapy 6 years and older , ≥ 25 kg one kalydeco 150 mg tablet one kalydeco 150 mg tablet kalydeco in combination with tezacaftor / ivacaftor 6 years to less than 12 years , < 30 kg one tezacaftor 50 mg / ivacaftor 75 mg tablet one kalydeco 75 mg tablet 6 years to less than 12 years , ≥ 30 kg one tezacaftor 100 mg / ivacaftor 150 mg tablet one kalydeco 150 mg tablet 12 years and older one tezacaftor 100 mg / ivacaftor 150 mg tablet one kalydeco 150 mg tablet kalydeco in combination with ivacaftor / tezacaftor / elexacaftor 12 years and older two ivacaftor 75 mg / tezacaftor 50 mg / elexacaftor 100 mg tablets one kalydeco 150 mg tablet take the morning and evening doses approximately 12 hours apart with food that contains fat . you must keep using all other medicines you use , unless your doctor tells you to stop using any . if you have liver problems , either moderate or severe , your doctor may need to reduce the dose of your tablets , because your liver will not clear the medicine as fast as in people who have normal liver function . use in children this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not break , chew or dissolve the tablets . take kalydeco tablets with food that contains fat . meals or snacks that contain fat include those prepared with butter or oils or those containing eggs . other fat - containing foods are : cheese , whole milk , whole - milk dairy products , yogurt , chocolate meats , oily fish avocados , hummus , soy - based products ( tofu ) nuts , fat - containing nutritional bars or drinks if you take more kalydeco than you should you may experience side effects , including those mentioned in section 4 below . if so , contact your doctor or pharmacist to ask for advice . if possible , have your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take kalydeco take the missed dose if less than 6 hours have passed since the time you missed the dose . otherwise , wait until your next scheduled dose as you normally would . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking kalydeco take kalydeco for as long as your doctor recommends . do not stop unless your doctor advises you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . ledaga is intended only for use on the skin . the recommended dose is application as a thin film once a day to the affected areas . the dose is the same for elderly patients ( aged 65 years and older ) as for younger adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ). your doctor may stop your treatment if you develop severe inflammation of the skin ( i . e ., redness and swelling ), blisters and ulcers . your doctor may restart the treatment upon improvement of your symptoms . instructions for use : - use ledaga exactly as your doctor or pharmacist tells you . - caregivers must wear disposable nitrile gloves when applying this medicine to patients ( this is a special type of glove ; ask your doctor or pharmacist if you have questions ). - remove the cap from the tube just before use . use the cap to pierce the seal . - apply ledaga immediately or within 30 minutes of removing it from the refrigerator . - apply a thin layer of this medicine to completely dry skin at least 4 hours before or 30 minutes after showering or washing . - apply ledaga to affected areas of the skin . in case of ledaga exposure to non - affected areas of the skin , wash the exposed area with soap and water . - allow the area to dry for 5 to 10 minutes after applying your medicine and before covering with clothing . - for patients applying the gel , wash your hands with soap and water immediately after applying . - for caregivers applying the gel , carefully remove gloves ( turning them inside out during the removal to avoid contact with ledaga ) and then wash hands thoroughly with soap and water . - ledaga is supplied within a child - resistant transparent , sealable , plastic bag . if it is not , ask your pharmacist . - with clean hands , place ledaga back in the box it came in and the box in the plastic bag . return it to the refrigerator after each use . - do not cover the treated area with air - or water - tight bandages after you have applied this medicine . - until ledaga has dried on the skin , avoid contact with an open flame or a lit cigarette . ledaga contains alcohol and is therefore considered flammable . - do not apply moisturisers or any other skin products ( including medicines applied to the skin ) for 2 hours before or 2 hours after the daily application of ledaga . - keep away from children and contact with food by storing ledaga in its box and inside the plastic bag . if you use ledaga more than you should do not apply ledaga more than once per day . if you apply more than recommended , talk to your doctor . if you forget to use ledaga do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . apply your next dose when it is due . if you stop using ledaga your doctor will determine how long you should use ledaga for and when treatment may be stopped . do not stop using your medicine until your doctor advises you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of iscover per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of iscover ( 1 tablet of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of iscover per day as described above . you should take iscover for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more iscover than you should 38 contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take iscover if you forget to take a dose of iscover , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 7 , 14 , 28 and 84 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of iscover by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking iscover do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine mylan tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of olanzapine is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking olanzapine mylan unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your olanzapine mylan tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . olanzapine mylan tablets are for oral use . you should swallow the olanzapine mylan tablets whole with water . if you take more olanzapine mylan than you should patients who have taken more olanzapine than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may be : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take olanzapine mylan take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten tablet . if you stop taking olanzapine mylan do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking olanzapine mylan for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking olanzapine mylan , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
posaconazole sp must only be used as directed by your doctor . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to determine how long posaconazole sp needs to be given and whether any change is needed to your daily dose . indication dose treatment of refractory fungal infections take 400 mg ( two 5 ml spoonfuls ) of the suspension twice a day with food or with a nutritional supplement if you are unable to tolerate food . if you are not able to take food or nutritional supplement , your doctor will tell you to take 200 mg ( one 5 ml spoonful ) four times a day . initial treatment of thrush on the first day of treatment take 200 mg ( one 5 ml spoonful ) once . after the first day , take 100 mg ( 2 . 5 ml ) once a day with food or nutritional supplement if you are unable to tolerate food . prevention of serious fungal infections take 200 mg ( one 5 ml spoonful ) three times a day with food or nutritional supplement if you are unable to tolerate food . if you take more posaconazole sp than you should if you are concerned that you may have taken too much , contact your doctor or healthcare professional immediately . if you forget to take posaconazole sp if you have missed a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , take your dose when it is due . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a vein . adults and older people : a dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . a second dose of the vaccine should be given after an interval of at least three weeks . children and adolescents aged 6 months to 17 years of age : a dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . a second dose of the vaccine should be given after an interval of at least three weeks . children aged less than 6 months : vaccination is not currently recommended in this age group . when celvapan is given for the first dose , it is recommended that celvapan ( and not another vaccine against ( h1n1 ) v ) be given for the complete vaccination course .
lucentis is administered as a single injection into your eye by your eye doctor under a local anaesthetic . the usual dose of an injection is 0 . 05 ml ( which contains 0 . 5 mg of active substance ). the interval between two doses injected into the same eye should be at least four weeks . all injections will be administered by your eye doctor . before the injection , your doctor will wash your eye carefully to prevent infection . your doctor will also give you a local anaesthetic to reduce or prevent any pain you might have with the injection . the treatment is started with one injection of lucentis per month . your doctor will monitor the condition of your eye and , depending on how you respond to the treatment , will decide if and when you need to receive further treatment . detailed instructions for use are given at the end of the leaflet under " how to prepare and administer lucentis ". elderly ( age 65 years and over ) lucentis can be used for people of 65 years of age and over without dose adjustment . before stopping lucentis treatment if you are considering stopping lucentis treatment , please go to your next appointment and discuss this with your doctor . your doctor will advise you and decide how long you should be treated with lucentis . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take clopidogrel acino pharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel acino pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so .. contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one vial of arikayce liposomal inhaled in your mouth once a day , using the lamira nebuliser . after 6 months of treatment your doctor will advise whether to continue or to stop treatment . the maximum duration of treatment is 18 months . taking arikayce liposomal if you use a bronchodilator (" reliever "), use that first , before using arikayce liposomal . each vial is for single use only . - only use arikayce liposomal with the lamira nebuliser handset and aerosol head connected to a lamira control unit . see section 7 for how to use the medicine together with the lamira nebuliser system . - do not use arikayce liposomal with any other type of handset or aerosol head . - do not put other medicines in the lamira nebuliser handset . - do not drink the liquid in the vial . - read the instructions for use , which are provided at the end of this leaflet . how and when do you replace the lamira nebuliser handset ? one lamira nebuliser handset should be used for one 28 - day treatment course . the aerosol head should be replaced weekly . there are 4 aerosol heads provided in each arikayce liposomal carton . please refer to the manufacturer ' s instructions for use for cleaning and storage advice . if you use more arikayce liposomal than you should tell your doctor immediately if you are concerned that you may have used too much of this medicine . if you forget to use arikayce liposomal if you forget to take your medicine , take it as soon as possible on the day of the missed dose . do not take more than one dose on the same day to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using arikayce liposomal you must tell your doctor if you decide to stop using arikayce liposomal for any reason . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
unituxin will be given to you by a doctor or nurse while you are in hospital . it is given as a drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). unituxin is used with three other medicines : - isotretinoin - gm - csf - il - 2 these medicines will be given to you over six courses . each course lasts one month . you will not be given all of the medicines in every course . how much is given unituxin will be given to you in five of the six courses . the recommended dose is 17 . 5 mg / m2 . your doctor will work out your dose based on your body surface area . during courses ( months ) 1 , 3 and 5 unituxin is given as a drip into one of your veins for about 10 hours each day for four days . gm - csf is given as either an injection under the skin or as a drip into one of your veins each day for 14 days . you will be given isotretinoin to take by mouth for the last 14 days of each course . during courses ( months ) 2 and 4 unituxin is given as a drip into one of your veins for about 10 hours each day for four days . il - 2 is given as a drip into one of your veins for four days in a row ( continuous infustion ) for the first four days of the first week and the first four days of the second week of each course . you will be given isotretinoin to take by mouth for the last 14 days of each course . during course ( month ) 6 you will only be given isotretinoin to take by mouth . your doctor or nurse will check you during and after the infusion . to reduce the risk of side effects , your doctor may increase the time allowed for the unituxin infusion up to 20 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
this medicine should be applied and supervised by appropriately trained personnel , who will also calculate the dose that you will be given . the recommended dose is an infusion of 0 . 2 mg for every kg you weigh . this would be about 14 mg or 4 vials ( glass bottles ) of replagal for an average size ( 70 kg ) individual . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents 7 - 18 years old a dose of 0 . 2 mg / kg every other week may be used . children and adolescents may be more likely than adults to experience an infusion related reaction . tell your doctor if you experience any side effects whilst having the infusion . method of administration replagal has to be diluted in 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution before use . after dilution replagal is given in a vein . this will usually be in your arm . the infusion will be given every two weeks . each time you are treated it will take 40 minutes for replagal to be given to you in a vein . your treatment will be supervised by a doctor who specialises in the treatment of fabry disease . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . even if you feel better , do not stop taking darunavir mylan and ritonavir without talking to your doctor . after therapy has been initiated , the dose or dosage form must not be changed or therapy must not be stopped without instruction of the doctor . dose for children of 3 years of age and above , weighing at least 15 kilograms who have not taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your child ' s doctor will determine this ) the doctor will work out the right once daily dose based on the weight of the child ( see table below ). this dose must not exceed the recommended adult dose , which is 800 milligram darunavir together with 100 milligram ritonavir once a day . the doctor will inform you on how much darunavir mylan tablets and how much ritonavir ( capsules , tablets or solution ) the child must take . weight one darunavir dose is one ritonavira dose is between 15 and 30 kilograms 600 milligram 100 milligram between 30 and 40 kilograms 675 milligram 100 milligram more than 40 kilograms 800 milligram 100 milligram a ritonavir oral solution : 80 milligram per milliliter dose for children of 3 years of age and above , weighing at least 15 kilograms who have taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your child ' s doctor will determine this ) the doctor will work out the right dose based on the weight of the child ( see table below ). the doctor will determine if once daily dosing or twice daily dosing is appropriate for the child . this dose must not exceed the recommended adult dose , which is 600 milligram darunavir together with 100 milligram ritonavir two times per day or 800 milligram darunavir together with 100 milligram ritonavir once a day . the doctor will inform you on how many darunavir mylan tablets and how much ritonavir ( capsules , tablets or solution ) the child must take . tablets of other strengths are available and your doctor may have prescribed a certain combination of tablets to construct the appropriate dosing regimen . other forms of this medicine may be more suitable for children : ask your doctor or pharmacist . twice daily dosing weight one dose is between 15 and 30 kilograms 375 milligram darunavir + 50 milligram ritonavir twice a day 124 between 30 and 40 kilograms 450 milligram darunavir + 60 milligram ritonavir twice a day more than 40 kilograms * 600 milligram darunavir + 100 milligram ritonavir twice a day * for children aged 12 or more and weighing at least 40 kilograms , your child ' s doctor will determine if darunavir mylan 800 milligram once daily dosing may be used . this cannot be administered with these 75 milligram tablets . other strengths of darunavir mylan are available . once daily dosing weight one darunavir dose is one ritonavira dose is between 15 and 30 kilograms 600 milligram 100 milligram between 30 and 40 kilograms 675 milligram 100 milligram more than 40 kilograms 800 milligram 100 milligram instructions for children - the child must take darunavir always together with ritonavir . darunavir cannot work properly without ritonavir . - the child must take the appropriate doses of darunavir and ritonavir two times per day or once a day . if prescribed darunavir twice daily the child must take one dose in the morning , and one dose in the evening . your child ' s doctor will determine the appropriate dosing regimen for your child . - the child must take darunavir with food . darunavir cannot work properly without food . the type of food is not important . - the child must swallow the tablets with a drink such as water or milk . dose for adults who have not taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your doctor will determine this ) you will require a different dose of darunavir which cannot be administered with these 75 milligram tablets . other strengths of darunavir mylan are available . dose for adults who have taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your doctor will determine this ) the dose is either : - 600 milligram darunavir ( 2 tablets containing 300 milligram of darunavir or 1 tablet containing 600 milligram of darunavir ) together with 100 milligram ritonavir twice daily . or - 800 milligram darunavir ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir ) together with 100 milligram ritonavir once daily . darunavir mylan 400 milligram and 800 milligram tablets are only to be used to construct the once daily 800 milligram regimen . please discuss with your doctor which dose is right for you . instructions for adults - take darunavir always together with ritonavir . darunavir cannot work properly without ritonavir . - in the morning , take 600 milligram darunavir together with 100 milligram ritonavir . - in the evening , take 600 milligram darunavir together with 100 milligram ritonavir . - take darunavir with food . darunavir cannot work properly without food . the type of food is not important . - swallow the tablets with a drink such as water or milk . - darunavir mylan 75 milligram and 150 milligram tablets have been developed for use in children , but can also be used in adults in some cases . if you take more darunavir mylan than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take darunavir mylan if you notice within 6 hours , you must take the tablets immediately . always take with ritonavir and food . if you notice after 6 hours , then skip the intake and take the next doses as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not stop taking darunavir mylan without talking to your doctor first anti - hiv medicines may make you feel better . even when you feel better , do not stop taking darunavir . talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
jetrea must be given by a qualified ophthalmologist ( eye specialist ) who has experience in giving injections into the eye . jetrea is given as a single injection into the affected eye . the recommended dose is 0 . 125 mg . your doctor / ophthalmologist may ask you to use antibiotic eye drops before and after the injection in order to prevent any possible eye infection . on the day of the injection , your doctor / ophthalmologist will use antimicrobial eye drops and clean your eye and eyelid carefully to prevent infection . your doctor / ophthalmologist will also give you a local anaesthetic to prevent any pain from the injection . after the injection , your doctor / ophthalmologist will monitor your vision . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor / ophthalmologist .
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of 20 mg pantoprazole daily . you should take this medicine for at least 2 - 3 consecutive days . stop taking pantecta control when you are completely symptom - free . you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day of treatment with pantecta control , but this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . if you have no symptom - relief after taking this medicine for 2 weeks continuously , consult your doctor . do not take pantecta control tablets for more than 4 weeks without consulting your doctor . take the tablet before a meal , at the same time every day . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or break the tablet . if you take more pantecta control than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have taken more than the recommended dose . if possible take your medicine and this leaflet with you if you forget to take pantecta control do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . take your next , normal dose , the next day , at your usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with kovaltry will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the number of factor viii units is expressed in international units ( iu ). treatment of bleeding to treat a bleed , your doctor will calculate and adjust your dose and how often it should be given , depending on factors such as : your weight the severity of your haemophilia a where the bleed is and how serious it is whether you have inhibitors and how high their level is the factor viii level that is needed . prevention of bleeding if you are using kovaltry to prevent bleeding , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 20 to 40 iu of octocog alfa per kg of body weight , injected two or three times per week . however , in some cases , especially for younger patients , shorter dose intervals or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests laboratory tests at suitable intervals help to ensure you always have adequate factor viii levels . for major surgery in particular , your blood clotting must be closely monitored . use in children and adolescents kovaltry can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 12 higher doses or more frequent injections than prescribed for adults may be needed . patients with inhibitors if you have been told by your doctor that you have developed factor viii inhibitors you may need to use a larger dose of kovaltry to control bleeding . if this dose does not control your bleeding your doctor may consider giving you another product . speak to your doctor if you would like further information on this . do not increase the dose of kovaltry to control your bleeding without checking with your doctor . duration of treatment usually , kovaltry treatment for haemophilia is needed life - long . how kovaltry is given kovaltry is injected into a vein over 2 to 5 minutes depending on the total volume and your comfort level and should be used within 3 hours after reconstitution . how kovaltry is prepared for administration use only the components ( vial adapter , pre filled syringe containing solvent and venipuncture set ) provided with each package of this medicine . please contact your doctor if these components cannot be used . do not use if any component of the package is opened or damaged . the reconstituted product must be filtered by using the vial adapter before administration to remove any possible particles in the solution . do not use the venipuncture set provided for drawing blood because it contains an in - line filter . this medicine must not be mixed with other infusion solutions . do not use solutions containing visible particles or that are cloudy . follow the instructions for use given by your doctor and provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more kovaltry than you should tell your doctor if this occurs . no cases of overdose have been reported . if you forget to use kovaltry administer your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using kovaltry do not stop using this medicine without checking with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
your doctor will tell you how many levviax tablets to take , at what time and for how long . the usual duration of treatment is 5 days for infections of the throat , infections of the sinuses , chest infections in patients with long standing breathing difficulties and 7 to 10 days for pneumonia . the recommended dose of levviax for adults and children of 12 years and older is two tablets of 400 mg once daily ( 800 mg once daily ). if you have severe renal insufficiency you should take alternating daily doses of 800 mg ( two tablets of 400 mg ) and 400 mg ( one tablet of 400 mg ), starting with the 800 mg dose . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . it is best to take tablets at the same time each day . if possible take the tablets before going to bed , to reduce the potential impact of visual disturbances and loss of consciousness . if you take more levviax than you should if you accidentally take one tablet too many , nothing is likely to happen . if you accidentally take several tablets too many , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if possible , take your tablets or the box with you to show the doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take levviax if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as possible . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose skip the missed dose and take the next tablet at the usual time . if you stop taking levviax take the complete course of tablets prescribed by your doctor , even if you begin to feel better before you have finished them all . if you stop taking the tablets too soon , the infection may return , or your condition may get worse . if you stop taking the tablets too soon you may also create a bacterial resistance to the medicine . if you feel you are suffering from a side effect , tell a doctor immediately to get advice before taking the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much inflectra is given the doctor will decide your dose and how often you will be given inflectra . this will depend on your disease , weight and how well you respond to inflectra . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . 2nd dose 2 weeks after your 1st dose 3rd dose 6 weeks after your 1st dose further doses every 6 to 8 weeks depending on your disease rheumatoid arthritis the usual dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how inflectra is given inflectra will be given to you by your doctor or nurse , in a hospital or clinic . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for infusion . the medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) ( over 2 hours ) into one of your veins , usually in your arm . after the third treatment , your doctor may decide to give your dose of inflectra over 1 hour . you will be monitored while you are given inflectra and also for 1 to 2 hours afterwards . use in children and adolescents in children ( 6 years of age or older ) treated for crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis , the recommended dose is the same as for adults . if you are given too much inflectra as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . there are no known side effects of having too much of inflectra . if you forget or miss your inflectra infusion if you forget or miss an appointment to receive inflectra , make another appointment as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
your doctor will be experienced in the treatment of renal failure and the use of erythropoietin . your first dose will be given under medical supervision as rarely , an allergic - type reaction may occur . dynepo may be administered intravenously ( into a vein ) or subcutaneously ( under the skin ). in patients not on haemodialysis , where intravenous access is not readily available , dynepo is usually given subcutaneously . when given subcutaneously , the site of injection should be changed with each injection . your dose of dynepo will be determined by your doctor and will be adjusted individually according to your personal needs . your doctor should maintain your haemoglobin level within the target range of 10 to 12 g / dl . occasionally , your individual haemoglobin values may be below and above this recommended target level . however your haemoglobin level should not consistently exceed 12 g / dl . you will be monitored 105 closely to ensure the lowest dose of dynepo is used to provide adequate control of your symptoms of anaemia . always take dynepo exactly as your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is 50 iu / kg three times a week if administered intravenously or 50 iu / kg twice a week if administered subcutaneously . the maintenance dose will be then decided by your doctor to maintain the level of your haemoglobin within the target range . mainly because of the time required for the production of new red blood cells , an interval of approximately 4 weeks may occur between the dose and an improvement in your anaemia . your doctor will probably not make changes to your dosage more than once a month . after any change to the dose , you will have frequent blood tests ( once a week ) until your haemoglobin level reaches the target range . your haemoglobin level should then be controlled at regular intervals . dynepo therapy is usually a long - term treatment . if you take more dynepo than you should dynepo can be given in a very large range of doses . if you accidentally give yourself too large a dose , tell your doctor . it may be necessary to monitor your blood . if you forget to take dynepo : do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten individual dose . take your next dose at the normal time . if you stop taking dynepo do not stop taking dynepo before discussing the implications with your doctor or pharmacist . injecting dynepo yourself your doctor may decide that it would be best for you to inject dynepo yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for information on how to inject dynepo yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . only use roclanda for your eyes ( ocular use ). the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . use the medicine at around the same time each day . do not use it more than once a day . how to use wash your hands before you start . do not touch the dropper tip with your fingers when opening or closing the bottle . it could infect the eye drops . twist off the bottle cap , and lie the cap on a clean surface on its side . continue to hold the bottle , ensuring that the tip doesn ' t come into contact with anything . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger to form a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your eye . the drop will go in here . bring the dropper tip close to the eye . do this in front of a mirror if it helps . do not touch your eye , eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper tip . it could infect the eye drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of roclanda into your eye . only put one drop into your eye each time . if a drop misses your eye , try again . press a finger against the corner of the eye by the nose . hold for 1 minute whilst keeping the eye closed . if you need to use the drops in both eyes , repeat the steps for your other eye while you have the bottle open . put back the bottle cap to close the bottle . put the bottle back into the carton to protect the drops from light until you need to use the drops again . if you are using other eye drops , wait at least five minutes after using them and then use roclanda . if you are using an eye ointment , it should be used last . if you use more roclanda than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use roclanda continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not use more than one drop in the affected eye once a day . if you stop using roclanda do not stop using roclanda without first speaking to your doctor . if you stop using roclanda the pressure in your eye will not be controlled which could lead to loss of sight . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will decide the dose and how often you should take neofordex . this can vary according to your condition and to other associated treatment ( s ). the recommended dose is one tablet each time . if you are over 65 years old and / or frail , your doctor may prescribe a half tablet each time . do not exceed or take less than the prescribed dose . you must take this medicine on the appropriate days , exactly as your doctor prescribed . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of administration based on certain parameters including your blood analyses , your general condition , other medicines prescribed to you and your response to the treatment . swallow the prescribed dose of one tablet ( 40 mg ) or half a tablet ( 20 mg ) in the morning with a glass of water . if your dose is half a tablet ( 20 mg ), the tablet should be divided into two equal halves using the score line . take one half tablet straightaway . do not save the spare half tablet to take on another day as this medicine may deteriorate once divided and taken out of its packaging . then , keep the spare half tablet in a safe place , out of the sight and reach of children , until you can throw it away properly , as you should not throw away any medicines in wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw them away . if you have difficulties taking the tablet out of the blister or breaking the tablet , ask somebody for help . insomnia may be minimised by administering neofordex in the morning . if you take more neofordex than you should if you take too much neofordex contact your doctor or hospital immediately . if you forget to take neofordex if you forget to take neofordex at the usual time and if you are less than 12 hours late : take the tablet immediately . if you are more than 12 hours late : do not take the tablet but take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking neofordex you may experience serious side effects if you stop taking this medicine suddenly . if you stop taking this medicine too quickly , you may have low blood pressure . you may also feel a ' withdrawal symptom '. this may include headache , problems with your vision ( including pain or swelling in the eye ), feeling or being sick , fever , pain in your muscles and joints , swelling in the inside of your nose , weight loss , itchy skin and conjunctivitis . if your treatment is to be stopped follow your doctor ' s advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
pradaxa capsules can be used in adults and children aged 8 years or older who are able to swallow the capsules whole . there are other age appropriate dose forms for the treatment of children below 8 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . take pradaxa as recommended for the following conditions : prevention of blood clot formation after knee or hip replacement surgery the recommended dose is 220 mg once a day ( taken as 2 capsules of 110 mg ). if your kidney function is decreased by more than half or if you are 75 years of age or older , the recommended dose is 150 mg once a day ( taken as 2 capsules of 75 mg ). if you are taking amiodarone , quinidine or verapamil containing medicines the recommended dose is 150 mg once a day ( taken as 2 capsules of 75 mg ). if you are taking verapamil containing medicines and your kidney function is decreased by more than half , you should be treated with a reduced dose of 75 mg pradaxa because your bleeding risk may be increased . for both surgery types , treatment should not be started if there is bleeding from the site of operation . if the treatment cannot be started until the day after surgery , dosing should be started with 2 capsules once a day . after knee replacement surgery you should start treatment with pradaxa within 1 - 4 hours after surgery finishes , taking a single capsule . thereafter two capsules once a day should be taken for a total of 10 days . after hip replacement surgery you should start treatment with pradaxa within 1 - 4 hours after surgery finishes , taking a single capsule . thereafter two capsules once a day should be taken for a total of 28 - 35 days . treatment of blood clots and prevention of blood clots from reoccurring in children pradaxa should be taken twice daily , one dose in the morning and one dose in the evening , at approximately the same time every day . the dosing interval should be as close to 12 hours as possible . the recommended dose depends on age and weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose . your doctor may adjust the dose as treatment progresses . keep using all other medicines , unless your doctor tells you to stop using any . single pradaxa dose to be given twice daily in milligrams ( mg ) by weight in kilograms ( kg ) and age in years of the patient : 222 age in years 8 to < 9 9 to < 10 10 to < 11 11 to < 12 12 to < 13 13 to < 14 14 to < 15 15 to < 16 16 to < 17 17 to < 18 w ei g h t [ k g ] > 81 300 mg as two 150 mg capsules or four 75 mg capsules 71 to < 81 61 to < 71 51 to < 61 260 mg as one 110 mg plus one 150 mg capsule or one 110 mg plus two 75 mg capsules 41 to < 51 220 mg as two 110 mg capsules 31 to < 41 185 mg as one 75 mg plus one 110 mg capsule 26 to < 31 150 mg as one 150 mg capsule or two 75 mg capsules21 to < 26 16 to < 21 one 110 mg capsule 13 to < 16 11 to < 13 one 75 mg capsule means that no dosing recommendation can be provided . how to take pradaxa pradaxa can be taken with or without food . the capsule should be swallowed whole with a glass of water , to ensure delivery to the stomach . do not break , chew , or empty the pellets from the capsule since this may increase the risk of bleeding . instructions for opening the blisters the following pictogram illustrates how to take pradaxa capsules out of the blister tear off one individual blister from the blister card along the perforated line peel off the backing foil and remove the capsule . ? do not push the capsules through the blister foil . ? do not peel off the blister foil until a capsule is required . instructions for the bottle ? push and turn for opening . ? after removing the capsule , place the cap back on the bottle and tightly close the bottle right away after you take your dose . change of anticoagulant treatment without specific guidance from your doctor do not change your anticoagulant treatment . if you take more pradaxa than you should taking too much of this medicine increases the risk of bleeding . contact your doctor immediately if you have taken too many capsules . specific treatment options are available . if you forget to take pradaxa prevention of blood clot formation after knee or hip replacement surgery continue with your remaining daily doses of pradaxa at the same time of the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . treatment of blood clots and prevention of blood clots from reoccurring in children a forgotten dose can still be taken up to 6 hours prior to the next due dose . a missed dose should be omitted if the remaining time is below 6 hours prior to the next due dose . do not double a dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pradaxa take pradaxa exactly as prescribed . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first , because the risk of developing a blood clot could be higher if you stop treatment too early . contact your doctor if you experience indigestion after taking pradaxa . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
cosentyx is given via injection under your skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ) by a healthcare professional . make sure you discuss with your doctor when you will have your injections and your follow - up appointments . how much cosentyx is given and for how long your doctor will decide how much cosentyx you need and for how long . plaque psoriasis adult the recommended dose is 300 mg by subcutaneous injection . each 300 mg dose is given as two injections of 150 mg . after the first dose you will receive further weekly injections at weeks 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 followed by monthly injections . at each timepoint you will receive a 300 mg dose given as two injections of 150 mg . children aged 6 years and older the recommended dose given by subcutaneous injection is based on body weight as follows : o weight below 25 kg : 75 mg using the powder for solution for injection . o weight 25 kg or above and below 50 kg : 75 mg using the powder for solution for injection . o weight 50 kg or above : 150 mg using the powder for solution for injection , the pre - filled syringe or the pre - filled pen . your doctor may increase the dose to 300 mg using the powder for solution for injection , the pre - filled syringe or the pre - filled pen . each 75 mg dose is given as one injection of 75 mg . each 150 mg dose is given as one injection of 150 mg . each 300 mg dose is given as two injections of 150 mg . after the first dose you will receive further weekly injections at weeks 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 followed by monthly injections . psoriatic arthritis for psoriatic arthritis patients who also have moderate to severe plaque psoriasis or patients who did not respond well to medicines called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ) blockers : the recommended dose is 300 mg by subcutaneous injection . each 300 mg dose is given as two injections of 150 mg . after the first dose you will receive further weekly injections at weeks 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 followed by monthly injections . at each timepoint you will receive a 300 mg dose given as two injections of 150 mg . for other psoriatic arthritis patients : the recommended dose is 150 mg by subcutaneous injection . after the first dose you will receive further weekly injections at weeks 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 followed by monthly injections . based on your response , your doctor may increase your dose to 300 mg . ankylosing spondylitis ( radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ) the recommended dose is 150 mg by subcutaneous injection . after the first dose you will receive further weekly injections at weeks 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 followed by monthly injections . based on your response , your doctor may increase your dose to 300 mg . each 300 mg dose is given as two injections of 150 mg . non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis the recommended dose is 150 mg by subcutaneous injection . after the first dose you will receive further weekly injections at weeks 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 followed by monthly injections . cosentyx is for long - term treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you use more cosentyx than you should if you have received more cosentyx than you should or the dose has been administered sooner than according to your doctor ' s prescription , inform your doctor . if you forget to use cosentyx if you have missed a cosentyx injection , talk to your doctor . if you stop using cosentyx it is not dangerous to stop using cosentyx . however , if you stop , your psoriasis , psoriatic arthritis or axial spondyloarthritis symptoms may come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 4 capsules ( 600 mg ) twice a day . this means you take a total of 8 capsules ( 1200 mg ) each day . if you have severe liver problems before starting your treatment with alecensa : the recommended dose is 3 capsules ( 450 mg ) twice a day . this means you take a total of 6 capsules ( 900 mg ) each day . sometimes your doctor may lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely if you feel unwell . how to take alecensa is taken by mouth . swallow each capsule whole . do not open or dissolve the capsules . you must take alecensa with food . if you vomit after taking alecensa if you vomit after taking a dose of alecensa , do not take an extra dose , just take your next dose at the usual time . if you take more alecensa than you should if you take more alecensa than you should , talk to a doctor or go to hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take alecensa if it is more than 6 hours until your next dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember . if it is less than 6 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you stop taking alecensa do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . it is important to take alecensa twice a day for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale this medicine any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose , take one as soon as possible . however , do not take two doses on the same day . then take the next dose as usual . how long to continue your treatment with seebri breezhaler - keep using this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you . - copd is a long - term disease and you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is a 100 mg tablet , as needed . you should not take spedra more than once a day . you could have been given the dose of one 200 mg tablet if your doctor has decided that the 100 mg dose was too weak for you , or the dose of one 50 mg tablet if your doctor has decided that the 100 mg tablet was too strong for you . dose adjustments can also be required if spedra is used together with certain other medicines . if you are taking a medicine such as erythromycin , amprenavir , aprepitant , diltiazem , fluconazole , fosamprenavir or verapamil (' moderate cyp3a4 inhibitors ') the recommended dose of spedra is a 100 mg tablet , with an interval of at least 2 days between doses . you should take spedra about 30 minutes before you have sexual intercourse . remember that spedra will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . spedra can be taken with or without food ; if taken with food , it may take longer to work . if you take more spedra than you should if you take too much spedra , you should tell your doctor straight away . you may get more side effects than usual and they may be worse . if you have any further questions on the use of spedra , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 15 mg or of 30 mg of pioglitazone to be taken once daily . your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 45 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pioglitazone teva pharma is too weak , talk to your doctor . when pioglitazone teva pharma is taken in combination with other medicines used to treat diabetes ( such as insulin , chlorpropamide , glibenclamide , gliclazide , tolbutamide ) your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a smaller dose of your medicines . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with pioglitazone teva pharma . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a special diet for diabetes , you should continue with this while you are taking pioglitazone teva pharma . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more pioglitazone teva pharma than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take pioglitazone teva pharma take pioglitazone teva pharma daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking pioglitazone teva pharma pioglitazone teva pharma should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using pioglitazone teva pharma , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is two 50 mg tablets taken twice a day ( morning and evening ) as advised by your doctor . the tablets should be taken during or just after a meal . swallow the tablets with water . if you take more deltyba than you should if you have taken more tablets than your prescribed dose , contact your doctor or your local hospital . remember to take the pack with you so that it is clear what medicine you have taken . if you forget to take deltyba if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , just 24 skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking deltyba do not stop taking the tablets unless your doctor tells you to . stopping too early could allow the bacteria to recover and to become resistant to delamanid . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose : symkevi is usually taken with ivacaftor . in the morning , take one yellow symkevi tablet . this is stamped with " v100 ". in the evening , take one ivacaftor 150 mg tablet . take the tablets about 12 hours apart . take both symkevi and ivacaftor tablets with food that contains fat . meals or snacks that contain fat include those prepared with butter or oils or those containing eggs . other fat - containing foods are : cheese , whole milk , whole milk dairy products , yogurt , chocolate meats , oily fish avocados , hummus , soy - based products ( tofu ) nuts , fat - containing nutritional bars or drinks the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets before swallowing . you must keep using all your other medicines , unless your doctor tells you to stop . if you have liver problems , either moderate or severe , your doctor may need to reduce the dose of your tablets , because your liver will not process the medicine as fast as usual . if you take more symkevi than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , take your medicine and this leaflet with you . you may get side effects , including those mentioned in section 4 below . if you forget to take symkevi if you forget to take either your morning symkevi or evening ivacaftor tablet , and you remember within 6 hours of the scheduled time you should have taken the tablet , take the forgotten tablet at once . if more than 6 hours have passed , do not take the forgotten tablet . just wait , and take your next tablet at the usual time . do not take 2 tablets to make up for a missed dose . if you stop taking symkevi your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using symkevi . it is important to take this medicine regularly . do not make changes unless your doctor tells you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration irbesartan zentiva is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take irbesartan zentiva with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take irbesartan zentiva until your doctor tells you otherwise . patients with high blood pressure the usual dose is 150 mg once a day ( two tablets a day ). the dose may later be increased to 300 mg ( four tablets a day ) once daily depending on blood pressure response . patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes , 300 mg ( four tablets a day ) once daily is the preferred maintenance dose for the treatment of associated kidney disease . the doctor may advise a lower dose , especially when starting treatment in certain patients such as those on haemodialysis , or those over the age of 75 years . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 4 - 6 weeks after beginning treatment . use in children and adolescents irbesartan zentiva should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you take more irbesartan zentiva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take irbesartan zentiva if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of pemetrexed krka is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use 36 this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed krka powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed krka by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed krka in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed krka has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteriods : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed krka treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1000 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed krka . you must take at least 5 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed krka . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed krka . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 1000 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed krka and then approximately every 9 weeks ( corresponding to 3 courses of pemetrexed krka treatment ). vitamin b12 and folic acid are given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . it does not matter at what time of the day you take your tablet but taking the tablet at the same time each day will help you remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . if you wish you may take a glass of water with it . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take raloxifene teva . the doctor may also advise you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements . if you take more raloxifene teva than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more raloxifene teva than you should you could have leg cramps and dizziness . if you forget to take raloxifene teva take a tablet as soon as you remember and then continue as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking raloxifene teva you should talk to your doctor first . it is important that you continue taking raloxifene teva for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . raloxifene teva can treat or prevent your osteoporosis only if you continue to take the tablets . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you will be given trogarzo under the supervision of an experienced doctor or nurse . trogarzo is used in combination with other medicines called ' antiretrovirals '. how much trogarzo you will be given the recommended dose of trogarzo is : a single dose of 2 , 000 mg on the first occasion followed by a maintenance dose of 800 mg every 2 weeks . trogarzo will be added to a drip ( infusion bag ) containing a sodium chloride ( saline ) solution before use . more than one vial of trogarzo will be needed to get the required dose . how you will be given trogarzo the drip ( infusion ) will be given into a vein over 15 to 30 minutes . your doctor or nurse will monitor you during the trogarzo infusion and for a period of time after your infusion . if you miss a dose of trogarzo it is very important that you are given trogarzo every 2 weeks as instructed by your doctor . do not change the schedule of your trogarzo infusions or any of your other antiretroviral medicines without talking to your doctor first . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor straight away when to schedule your next dose . if you stop having trogarzo keep having trogarzo infusions until your doctor tells you to stop . if you stop and there is a gap in your treatment , the level of hiv virus in your blood may begin to rise . this is less likely if you receive trogarzo regularly and without gaps in treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet daily . the back of the calendar blister pack is marked with the days of the week to help you check that you have taken a dose each day . the tablets should be taken by mouth and can be taken with or without food . gout febuxostat mylan is available as either an 80 mg tablet or a 120 mg tablet . your doctor will have prescribed the strength most suitable for you . continue to take febuxostat mylan every day even when you are not experiencing gout flare or attack . prevention and treatment of high uric acid levels in patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy febuxostat mylan is available as a 120 mg tablet . start taking febuxostat mylan two days before chemotherapy and continue its use according to your doctor ' s advice . usually treatment is short - term . if you take more febuxostat mylan than you should in the event of an accidental overdose ask your doctor what to do , or contact your nearest accident and emergency department . if you forget to take febuxostat mylan if you miss a dose of febuxostat mylan take it as soon as you remember unless it is almost time for your next dose , in which case miss out the forgotten dose and take your next dose at the normal time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking febuxostat mylan do not stop taking febuxostat mylan without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you stop taking febuxostat mylan your uric acid levels may begin to rise and your symptoms may worsen due to the formation of new crystals of urate in and around your joints and kidneys . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 15 mg or of 30 mg of pioglitazone to be taken once daily . your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 45 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pioglitazone teva is too weak , talk to your doctor . when pioglitazone teva is taken in combination with other medicines used to treat diabetes ( such as insulin , chlorpropamide , glibenclamide , gliclazide , tolbutamide ) your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a smaller dose of your medicines . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with pioglitazone teva . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a special diet for diabetes , you should continue with this while you are taking pioglitazone teva . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more pioglitazone teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take pioglitazone teva take pioglitazone teva daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking pioglitazone teva pioglitazone teva should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using pioglitazone teva , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your dose will be decided by your doctor and may depend on : how well you respond to a dose if you are taking some other medicines ( see section 2 , other medicines and latuda ) if you have kidney or liver problems . the recommended starting dose is 37 mg once a day . the dose may be increased or decreased by your doctor within the dose range of 18 . 5 mg to 148 mg once a day . the maximum dose should not exceed 148 mg once a day . swallow your tablet ( s ) whole with water , in order to mask the bitter taste . you should take your dose regularly every day at the same time of the day , so that it is easier to remember it . you must take this medicine with food or just after eating , as this helps the body to take up the medicine and allows it to work better . if you take more latuda than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience sleepiness , tiredness , abnormal body movements , problems with standing and walking , dizziness from low blood pressure , and abnormal heart beats . if you forget to take latuda do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss one dose , take your next dose on the day after the missed dose . if you miss two or more doses , contact your doctor . if you stop taking latuda if you stop taking this medicine you will lose the effects of the medicine . you should not stop this medicine unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the usual dose is a 100 mg tablet once a day . always take thelin exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . try to take the tablet at the same time each day to help you remember . swallow the tablet whole with water . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . do not take more than one tablet each day . you may need to take thelin for a month or two before feeling any effect . if you take more thelin than you should if you realise you have taken more thelin tablets than your doctor has recommended ( or if someone else has taken some of your thelin tablets ), contact your doctor straight away . if you cannot reach your doctor , go to the nearest hospital and take the pack with you . if you forget to take thelin if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember but do not take two tablets in one day . if you stop taking thelin talk to your doctor before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this way , you can be sure your medicine is fully effective and you reduce the risk of the hiv - virus developing resistance to the treatment . the recommended adult dose of evotaz is one tablet daily by mouth and with food , in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . the tablets have a poor taste , therefore swallow the tablet whole ; do not crush or chew the tablets . this will help ensure you get the full dose . if you take more evotaz than you should if you accidentally take more evotaz than your doctor recommended , contact your doctor at once or contact the nearest hospital for advice . if you forget to take evotaz if you miss a dose of evotaz by 12 hours or less , take it right away with food and then take your next scheduled dose at the usual time . if you miss a dose and it is more than 12 hours from the time you should have taken evotaz , do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not double the next dose . it is important that you do not miss any doses of evotaz or your other anti - hiv medicines . if you stop taking evotaz do not stop taking evotaz before talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
do not switch between taking noxafil tablets and noxafil oral suspension without talking to your doctor or pharmacist because it may result in a lack of efficacy or an increased risk of adverse reactions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to determine how long noxafil needs to be given and whether any change is needed to your daily dose . the table below shows the recommended dose and length of treatment which depend on the type of infection that you have and may be individually adapted for you by your doctor . do not adapt your dose yourself before consulting your doctor or change your treatment regime . whenever possible you should take posaconazole during or immediately after food or a nutritional drink . indication recommended dose and length of treatment treatment of refractory fungal infections ( invasive aspergillosis , fusariosis , chromoblastomycosis / mycetoma , coccidioidomycosis ) the recommended dose is 200 mg ( one 5 ml spoonful ) taken four times daily . alternatively , if recommended by your doctor , you may take 400 mg ( two 5 ml spoonfuls ) twice a day provided that you are able to take both doses during or after food or a nutritional drink . first time treatment of thrush on the first day of treatment take 200 mg ( one 5 ml spoonful ) once . after the first day , take 100 mg ( 2 . 5 ml ) once a day . prevention of serious fungal infections take 200 mg ( one 5 ml spoonful ) three times a day . if you take more noxafil than you should if you are concerned that you may have taken too much , contact your doctor or healthcare professional immediately . if you forget to take noxafil if you have missed a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , take your dose when it is due . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor will calculate the dose according to your body surface or weight and your disease . how tepadina is given tepadina is administered by a qualified healthcare professional as an intravenous infusion ( drip in a vein ) after dilution of the individual vial . each infusion will last 2 - 4 hours . frequency of administration you will receive your infusions every 12 or 24 hours . the duration of treatment can last up to 5 days . frequency of administration and duration of treatment depend on your disease .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the doctor will advise you on the right dosing . you can take oprymea with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 3 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 088 mg three times a day 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 35 mg three times a day or 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 54 1 . 1 the usual maintenance dose is 1 . 1 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase your tablet dose up to a maximum of 3 . 3 mg of pramipexole a day . a lower maintenance dose of three oprymea 0 . 088 mg tablets a day is also possible . lowest maintenance dose highest maintenance dose number of tablets 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 088 mg 1 tablet oprymea 1 . 1 mg three 96 three times a day times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 3 . 3 patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor will prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 088 mg twice a day . in severe kidney disease , the usual starting dose is just 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 088 mg a day . restless legs syndrome the dose is usually taken once a day , in the evening , 2 - 3 hours before bedtime . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 088 mg once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 4 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week 4th week number of tablets 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 088 mg 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 35 mg or 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 4 tablets oprymea 0 . 088 mg 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 35 mg and 1 tablet oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 6 tablets oprymea 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 0 . 35 0 . 54 the daily dose should not exceed 6 tablets oprymea 0 . 088 mg or a dose of 0 . 54 mg ( 0 . 75 mg pramipexole salt ). if you stop taking your tablets for more than a few days and want to restart the treatment , you must start again at the lowest dose . you can then build up the dose again , as you did the first time . ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will review your treatment after 3 months to decide whether or not to continue the treatment . patients with kidney disease if you have severe kidney disease , oprymea may not be a suitable treatment for you . if you take more oprymea than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets : - contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately for advice . - you may experience vomiting , restlessness , or any of the side effects as described in section 4 . " possible side effects ". if you forget to take oprymea do not worry . simply leave out that dose completely and then take your next dose at the right time . do not try to make up for the missed dose . if you stop taking oprymea 97 do not stop taking oprymea without first talking to your doctor . if you have to stop taking this medicine , your doctor will reduce the dose gradually . this reduces the risk of worsening symptoms . if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease you should not stop treatment with oprymea abruptly . a sudden stop could cause you to develop a medical condition called neuroleptic malignant syndrome which may represent a major health risk . the symptoms include : - akinesia ( loss of muscle movement ) - rigid muscles - fever - unstable blood pressure - tachycardia ( increased heart rate ) - confusion - depressed level of consciousness ( e . g . coma ). if you stop or reduce oprymea you may also develop a medical condition called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome . the symptoms include depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain . if you experience these symptoms you should contact your physician . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
peyona should only be used in a neonatal intensive care unit in which adequate facilities are available for patient surveillance and monitoring . treatment should be initiated under supervision of a physician experienced in neonatal intensive care . dose your baby ' s doctor will prescribe the right amount of peyona based on your baby ' s weight . the starting dose is 20 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 1 ml per kg body weight ). the maintenance dose is 5 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 25 ml per kg body weight ) every 24 hours . route and method of administration peyona will be infused by controlled intravenous infusion , using a syringe infusion pump or other metered infusion device . this method is also known as " a drip ". some of the doses ( maintenance doses ) may be given by mouth . it may be needed that your baby ' s doctor decides to check the levels of caffeine in a blood test periodically throughout treatment to avoid toxicity . duration of treatment your baby ' s doctor will decide exactly how long your newborn must continue therapy with peyona . if your baby has 5 to 7 days without apnoea attacks , the doctor will stop the treatment . if your newborn receives more peyona than he / she should your newborn may experience fever , rapid breathing ( tachypnoea ), jitteriness , muscular tremor vomiting , high blood levels of sugar ( hyperglycemia ), low blood levels of potassium ( hypokalaemia ), high blood levels of certain chemicals ( urea ), elevated number of certain cells ( leukocyte ) in blood and seizures if he / she receives more caffeine citrate than he / she should . in the event of this happening treatment with peyona should be stopped immediately and your baby ' s doctor should treat the overdose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicinal product , ask your baby ' s doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . viekirax tablets are usually taken with other anti - viral medicines such as " dasabuvir " and " ribavirin ". how much to take the recommended dose is two tablets taken together in the morning . how to take take the tablets in the morning with food . the type of food is not important . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as they may have a bitter taste . how long to take viekirax for you will take viekirax for 8 , 12 or 24 weeks . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking viekirax unless your doctor tells you to . it is very important that you complete the full course of treatment . this will give the medicines the best chance to clear the hepatitis c virus infection . if you take more viekirax than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . keep the medicine pack with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take viekirax it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose and it is : more than 12 hours until your next dose - take the missed dose with food as soon as possible . less than 12 hours until your next dose - do not take the missed dose , take your next dose as usual with food . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . lusduna is only suitable for injection just under the skin . speak to your doctor if you need to inject your insulin by another method . switching insulins although lusduna contains the same active substance as other medicines containing insulin glargine 300 units / ml , these medicines are not interchangeable . the switch from one insulin therapy to another requires medical prescription , medical supervision and blood glucose monitoring . please , consult your doctor for further information . dose based on your life - style and the results of your blood sugar ( glucose ) tests and your previous insulin usage , your doctor will - determine how much lusduna per day you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of lusduna . lusduna is a long - acting insulin . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting insulin or with tablets used to treat high blood sugar levels . many factors may influence your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see section " hyperglycaemia and hypoglycaemia " at the end of this leaflet . use in children and adolescents lusduna can be used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . frequency of administration you need one injection of lusduna every day , at the same time of the day . the nexvue pen delivers lusduna in increments of 1 unit up to a maximum single dose of 60 units . the pen contains a total of 300 units . method of administration lusduna is injected under the skin . do not inject lusduna in a vein , since this will change its action and may cause hypoglycaemia . your doctor will show you in which area of the skin you should inject lusduna . with each injection , change the puncture site within the particular area of skin that you are using . how to handle nexvue nexvue is a pre - filled disposable pen containing insulin glargine . read carefully the " nexvue instructions for use " included in this pack . you must use the pen as described in these instructions for use . a new needle must be attached before each use . only use needles that are compatible for use with nexvue ( see " nexvue instructions for use "). a safety test must be performed before each injection . look at the cartridge before you use the pen . do not use nexvue if you notice particles in it . only use nexvue if the solution is clear , colourless and waterlike . do not shake or mix it before use . to prevent the possible transmission of disease , never share your pen with anyone else . this pen is only for your use . make sure that neither alcohol nor other disinfectants or other substances contaminate the insulin . always use a new pen if you notice that your blood sugar control is unexpectedly getting worse . if you think you may have a problem with nexvue , consult your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . empty pens must not be re - filled and must be properly discarded . do not use nexvue if it is damaged or not working properly ; it has to be discarded and a new pen has to be used . insulin mix - ups you must always check the insulin label before each injection to avoid mix - ups between lusduna and other insulins . if you use more lusduna than you should - if you have injected too much lusduna , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hypoglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of hypoglycaemia , see section " hyperglycaemia and hypoglycaemia " at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use lusduna - if you have missed a dose of lusduna or if you have not injected enough insulin , your blood sugar level may become too high ( hyperglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . for information on the treatment of hyperglycaemia , see section " hyperglycaemia and hypoglycaemia " at the end of this leaflet . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using lusduna this could lead to severe hyperglycaemia ( very high blood sugar ) and ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). do not stop lusduna without speaking to a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor , or pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to use strensiq will be explained to you by a doctor who is experienced in the management of patients with metabolic or bone related diseases . after being trained by the doctor or specialized nurse , you can inject strensiq yourself at home . dose the dose you receive is based on your body weight . the correct dose will be calculated by your doctor and consists of a total of 6 mg of asfotase alfa per kg of body weight every week , given either as an injection of 1 mg / kg asfotase alfa 6 times per week or as 2 mg / kg asfotase alfa 3 times per week depending on the recommendation of your doctor . each dose will be administered by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous ), ( see the dosing chart below for detailed information on the volume to be injected , and the type of vials to be used , based on your weight ). doses will need to be adjusted regularly by your doctor as the body weight changes . the maximum volume per injection should not exceed 1 ml . if more than 1 ml is required , you need to do multiple injections immediately one after the other . if injecting 3 x per week body weight ( kg ) volume to be injected color code of the vial to be used 3 0 . 15 ml dark blue 4 0 . 20 ml dark blue 5 0 . 25 ml dark blue 6 0 . 30 ml dark blue 7 0 . 35 ml orange 8 0 . 40 ml orange 9 0 . 45 ml orange 10 0 . 50 ml light blue 11 0 . 55 ml light blue 12 0 . 60 ml light blue 13 0 . 65 ml light blue 14 0 . 70 ml light blue 15 0 . 75 ml pink 16 0 . 80 ml pink 17 0 . 85 ml pink 18 0 . 90 ml pink 19 0 . 95 ml pink 20 1 ml pink 25 0 . 50 ml green 30 0 . 60 ml green 35 0 . 70 ml green 40 0 . 80 ml green if injecting 6 x per week body weight ( kg ) volume to be injected color code of the vial to be used 6 0 . 15 ml dark blue 7 0 . 18 ml dark blue 8 0 . 20 ml dark blue 9 0 . 23 ml dark blue 10 0 . 25 ml dark blue 11 0 . 28 ml dark blue 12 0 . 30 ml dark blue 13 0 . 33 ml orange 14 0 . 35 ml orange 15 0 . 38 ml orange 16 0 . 40 ml orange 17 0 . 43 ml orange 18 0 . 45 ml orange 19 0 . 48 ml light blue 20 0 . 50 ml light blue 25 0 . 63 ml light blue 30 0 . 75 ml pink 35 0 . 88 ml pink 40 1 ml pink 50 0 . 50 ml green 60 0 . 60 ml green 70 0 . 70 ml green 80 0 . 80 ml green 90 0 . 90 ml green ( x2 ) 100 1 ml green ( x2 ) injection recommendations you may experience a reaction at the injection site . read section 4 carefully to know what side effects can occur before using this medicine when injecting regularly , the injection site should be changed between different areas of the body to help reduce potential pain and irritation areas with a good amount of fat below the skin ( thighs , arms ( deltoids ), abdomen , and buttocks ) are the most suitable areas to inject . please discuss with you doctor or nurse the best sites for you . before injecting strensiq , please read the following instructions carefully each vial is for single use and should only be punctured once . only clear and colourless to slightly yellow aqueous solution without visible signs of deterioration should be used . any unused medicinal product or waste material should be disposed of immediately . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be shown how to prepare and inject the medicine by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . do not inject this medicine yourself unless you have received training and you understand the procedure . how to inject strensiq step 1 : preparing the strensiq dose 1 . wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . 2 . take the unopened strensiq vial ( s ) out of the refrigerator 15 to 30 minutes before injecting to allow the liquid to reach room temperature . do not warm strensiq in any other way ( for example , do not warm it in a microwave or in hot water ). upon removal of the vial ( s ) from refrigeration , strensiq should be used within 3 hours maximum ( see section 5 . how to store strensiq ). 3 . remove the protective cap from the strensiq vial . remove the protective plastic from the syringe to be used . 4 . always use a new syringe contained in a protective plastic . 5 . place a larger bore needle ( e . g . 25g ) on the empty syringe and with the protective cap on , push down and turn clockwise the needle onto the syringe until it is tight . 6 . remove the plastic cap covering the syringe needle . pay attention not to hurt yourself with the needle . 7 . pull the plunger back to draw air into the syringe equal to your dose . step 2 : withdrawing strensiq solution from the vial 1 . holding the syringe and vial , insert the needle through the sterile rubber seal and into the vial . 2 . push the plunger in completely to inject air into the vial . 3 . invert the vial and syringe . with the needle in the solution , pull the plunger to withdraw the correct dose into the syringe . 4 . before removing the needle from the vial , check the syringe for air bubbles . in the event that bubbles appear in the syringe , hold the syringe with the needle pointing upwards and gently tap the side of the syringe until the bubbles rise to the top . 5 . once all the bubbles are at the top of the syringe , gently push on the plunger to force the bubbles out of the syringe and back into the vial . 6 . after removing the bubbles , check the dose of medication in the syringe to be sure you have drawn up the correct amount . you may need to use several vials to withdraw the complete amount needed to reach the correct dose . step 3 : placing the needle for injection on the syringe 1 . remove the needle from the vial and place back the protective cap over the needle . 2 . remove the larger bore needle pushing down and turning counterclockwise . dispose the needle with the protective cap in your sharps container . 3 . place a smaller bore needle ( e . g . or 29g ) on the filled syringe and with the protective cap on , push down and turn clockwise the needle onto the syringe until it is tight . pull the cap straight off the needle . 4 . hold the syringe with the needle pointing up and tap the barrel of the syringe with your finger to remove any air bubbles . control visually that the volume contained into the syringe is correct . the volume per injection should not exceed 1 ml . if it is the case , multiple injections should be done at different sites . you are now ready to inject the correct dose . step 4 : injecting strensiq 1 . choose an injection site ( thighs , abdomen , arms ( deltoids ), buttocks ). most suitable areas for injection are marked grey in the picture . your doctor will advise you on the possible injection sites note : do not use any areas in which you feel lumps , firm knots , or pain ; talk to your doctor about anything you find . 2 . gently pinch the skin of the chosen injection area between your thumb and index finger . 3 . holding the syringe like a pencil or a dart , insert the needle into the raised skin so it is at an angle of between 45º and 90º to the skin surface . for patients who have little fat under the skin or thin skin , a 45º angle may be preferable . 4 . while continuing to hold the skin , push the syringe plunger to inject the medicine slowly , and steadily all the way in . 5 . remove the needle , release the skin fold and gently place a piece of cotton wool or gauze over the injection site for a few seconds . this will help seal the punctured tissue and prevent any leakage . do not rub the injection site after injection . if you need a second injection for your prescribed dose , get another strensiq vial and repeat steps 1 through 4 . step 5 : disposing of supplies please collect your syringes , vials and needle in a sharps container . your doctor , pharmacist or nurse will advise you on how you can obtain a sharps container . if you use more strensiq than you should if you suspect that you have been accidently administered a higher dose of strensiq than prescribed , please contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to use strensiq do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose and contact your doctor for advice . for more information , please consult : if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take actelsar hct with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take actelsar hct every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg / 12 . 5 mg once a day . if you take more actelsar hct than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets you may experience symptoms such as low blood pressure and rapid heartbeat . slow heartbeat , dizziness , vomiting , reduced kidney function including kidney failure , have also been reported . due to the hydrochlorothiazide component , markedly low blood pressure and low blood levels of potassium can also happen , which may result in nausea , sleepiness and muscle cramps and / or irregular heartbeat associated with the concomitant use of drugs such as digitalis or certain anti - arrhythmic treatments . contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take actelsar hct if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember , then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your child should always take these capsules exactly as your child ' s doctor has told you . you should check with your child ' s doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the dose is adjusted by the doctor according to your child ' s age , weight and condition , generally 50 mg per kg bodyweight and per day . when to take diacomit your child should take this medicine two or three times a day at regular intervals as directed by your child ' s doctor , for example morning - noon - bed - time to cover the night - and - day period . dose adjustment dose increases should be gradual , taking place over a few weeks while the dose ( s ) of the other antiepileptic medicine ( s ) is ( are ) reduced at the same time . your child ' s doctor will tell you the new dose of the other antiepileptic medicine ( s ). if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your child ' s doctor or pharmacist . the dose will be adjusted by the doctor according to your child ' s condition . please consult your child ' s doctor in the event of any side effects as the doctor may have to adjust the dose of this medicine and the other antiepileptic medicine ( s ). there are slight differences between the diacomit capsules and powder for oral suspension . if your child experiences any problems when switching from taking the capsules to the powder for oral suspension or vice versa please inform your doctor . in case of switch between capsule and powder formulations it should be done under the close supervision of your child ' s doctor . in case of vomiting within the first few minutes of intake it is assumed that no medicine has been absorbed and a new dose should be given . however , the situation is different if the vomiting occurs more than one hour after medicine intake because stiripentol is quickly absorbed . in such a case , it is assumed that a significant fraction of the administered dose has been absorbed systemically from the digestive tract . thus , there would be no need for a new intake or for an adjustment of the next dose . how to take the diacomit capsules these capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules should not be chewed . your child should take diacomit with food , it should not be taken on an empty stomach . for food and drinks to be avoided , see the section " diacomit with food and drink " above . if your child takes more diacomit than he or she should contact your child ' s doctor if you know or think your child has taken more medicine than he or she should have . if your child forgets to take diacomit it is important that your child takes this medicine regularly at the same time each day . if your child forgets to take a dose , he or she should take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for the next dose . in that case carry on with the next dose as normal . your child should not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten individual dose . if your child stops taking diacomit your child must not stop taking this medicine unless the doctor tells you to . stopping treatment suddenly can lead to an outbreak of seizures . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your child ' s doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended doses for humira in each of the approved uses are shown in the following table . your doctor may prescribe another strength of humira if your child needs a different dose . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes 335 children , adolescents and adults from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing 40 kg or more first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 80 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . your child ' s doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 20 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 40 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . humira is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 80 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 40 mg every other week . humira is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . method and route of administration humira is administered by injection under the skin ( by subcutaneous injection ). detailed instructions on how to inject humira are provided in section 7 ' injecting humira '. if you use more humira than you should if you accidentally inject humira more frequently than told to by your doctor or pharmacist , call your doctor or pharmacist and tell them that your child has taken more . always take the outer carton of the medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to use humira if you forget to give your child an injection , you should inject the next dose of humira as soon as you remember . then give your child ' s next dose as you would have on the originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if you stop using humira the decision to stop using humira should be discussed with your doctor . your child ' s symptoms may return if you stop using humira . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the amount of poteligeo you will receive is calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 1mg poteligeo for each kg of body weight . poteligeo will be given to you through a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over at least 60 minutes . to start with , the infusions will be given once a week for the first 5 doses , then once every 2 weeks . treatment should be continued unless you get serious side effects or the cutaneous t - cell lymphoma starts to get worse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration ifirmasta is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take ifirmasta with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take ifirmasta until your doctor tells you otherwise . - patients with high blood pressure the usual dose is 150 mg once a day ( two tablets a day ). the dose may later be increased to 300 mg ( four tablets a day ) once daily depending on blood pressure response . - patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes , 300 mg ( four tablets a day ) once daily is the preferred maintenance dose for the treatment of associated kidney disease . the doctor may advise a lower dose , especially when starting treatment in certain patients such as those on haemodialysis , or those over the age of 75 years . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 4 - 6 weeks after beginning treatment . use in children and adolescents ifirmasta should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you take more ifirmasta than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ifirmasta if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . general information about taking this medicine your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you , or the child you are caring for weighs . if necessary , the dose may be changed during treatment . this medicine is intended for subcutaneous use . this means that it is injected through a short injection needle into the fatty tissue just under the skin . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for subcutaneous administration are provided at the end of this leaflet ( see section " how to self - inject viraferonpeg "). water for injection and viraferonpeg powder are provided in separate ampoules . prepare the dose by adding water for injection to viraferonpeg powder just before you intend to inject it and use it 119 immediately . look carefully at the solution you prepared before you use it . the solution should be clear and colourless . do not use the solution if it is discoloured ( changed its colour from the original ) or if there are bits of particles in the solution . discard any solution that is left in the vial after you give yourself the injection . for disposal instructions , see section 5 " how to store viraferonpeg ". inject this medicine once each week on the same day . injecting it at the same time of day each week will help you not to forget to take it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dosage , and take it for as long as prescribed . if your doctor prescribes this medicine with ribavirin or with ribavirin and boceprevir , please read the package leaflets of ribavirin and boceprevir before you begin combination treatment . use in adults viraferonpeg in combination treatment this medicine , when given with ribavirin capsules , is usually given at a dose of 1 . 5 microgram per kilogram of body weight once a week . if you have kidney disease , your dose may be lower , depending upon your kidney function . use in adults viraferonpeg alone this medicine , when given alone , is usually given at a dose of 0 . 5 or 1 . 0 microgram per kilogram of body weight once a week , for 6 months to 1 year . if you have kidney disease , your dose may be lower , depending upon your kidney function . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . use in children 3 years of age and older and adolescents viraferonpeg will be given in combination with ribavirin . the dose of viraferonpeg is determined by a calculation accounting for both height and weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you use more viraferonpeg than you should tell your doctor or healthcare professional or the doctor or healthcare professional of the child you are caring for as soon as possible . if you forget to take viraferonpeg take / administer the dose of this medicine as soon as you remember , but only if within 1 - 2 days after the forgotten dose . if it is very close to your next injection , do not double the dose to make up for the forgotten dose , but continue your treatment as usual . if you are uncertain , contact your doctor or pharmacist or the doctor or pharmacist of the child you are caring for .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopiodgrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel bgr than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel bgr 36 if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel bgr , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel bgr do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one tablet of 60 mg twice a day . continue taking brilique as long as your doctor tells you . take this medicine around the same time every day ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). taking brilique with other medicines for blood clotting 93 your doctor will usually also tell you to take acetylsalicylic acid . this is a substance present in many medicines used to prevent blood clotting . your doctor will tell you how much to take ( usually between 75 - 150 mg daily ). how to take brilique you can take the tablet with or without food . you can check when you last took a tablet of brilique by looking on the blister . there is a sun ( for the morning ) and a moon ( for the evening ). this will tell you whether you have taken the dose . if you have trouble swallowing the tablet if you have trouble swallowing the tablet you can crush it and mix with water as follows : crush the tablet to a fine powder . pour the powder into half a glass of water . stir and drink immediately . to make sure there is no medicine left , rinse the empty glass with another half a glass of water and drink it . if you are in the hospital you may be given this tablet mixed with some water and given through a tube via the nose ( nasogastric tube ). if you take more brilique than you should if you take more brilique than you should , talk to a doctor or go to hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . you may be at increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take brilique if you forget to take a dose , just take your next dose as normal . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for the forgotten dose . if you stop taking brilique do not stop taking brilique without talking to your doctor . take this medicine on a regular basis and for as long as your doctor keeps prescribing it . if you stop taking brilique , it may increase your chances of having another heart attack or stroke or dying from a disease related to your heart or blood vessels . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended adult dose when you take zonegran on its own : the starting dose is 100 mg taken once a day . this may be increased by up to 100 mg at intervals of two weeks . the recommended dose is 300 mg once a day . when you take zonegran with other antiepileptic medicines : the starting dose is 50 mg daily taken in two equal doses of 25 mg . this may be increased by up to 100 mg at intervals of one to two weeks . the recommended daily dose is between 300 mg and 500 mg . some people respond to lower doses . the dose may be increased more slowly if you experience side effects , are elderly or if you suffer from kidney or liver problems . use in children ( aged 6 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( aged 12 to 17 years ) weighing at least 20 kg : the starting dose is 1 mg per kg of body weight taken once a day . this may be increased by 1 mg per kg of body weight at intervals of one to two weeks . the recommended daily dose is 6 to 8 mg per kg for a child with a body weight of up to 55 kg or 300 to 500 mg for a child with a body weight more than 55 kg ( which ever dose is lower ) taken once a day . example : a child who weighs 25 kg should take 25 mg once a day for the first week , and then increase the daily dose by 25 mg at the start of each week until a daily dose between 150 to 200 mg is reached . if you feel that the effect of zonegran is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . zonegran capsules must be swallowed whole with water . do not chew the capsules . zonegran can be taken once or twice daily , as instructed by your doctor . it you take zonegran twice a day , take half the daily dose in the morning and half in the evening . if you take more zonegran than you should if you may have taken more zonegran than you should , tell a carer ( relative or friend ), your doctor or pharmacist immediately , or contact your nearest hospital casualty department , taking your medicine with you . you may become sleepy and could lose consciousness . you might also feel sick , have a sore stomach , muscle twitches , eye movement , feel faint , have a slowed heart beat , and reduced breathing and kidney function . do not try to drive . if you forget to take zonegran if you forget to take a dose , don ' t worry : take the next dose when it is due . do not take double the dose to make up for the forgotten dose . if you stop taking zonegran zonegran is meant to be taken as a long - term medicine . do not reduce your dose or stop your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if your doctor advises you to stop taking zonegran your dose will be reduced gradually to lower the risk of more seizures . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 15 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started at a low dose with the oral solution ( liquid ) form . the dose may be gradually increased to the recommended dose for adolescents of 10 mg once a 110 day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of abilify is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take abilify at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of abilify without first consulting your doctor . if you take more abilify than you should if you realise you have taken more abilify than your doctor has recommended ( or if someone else has taken some of your abilify ), contact your doctor right away . if you cannot reach your doctor , go to the nearest hospital and take the pack with you . patients who have taken too much aripiprazole have experienced the following symptoms : rapid heartbeat , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech . unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may include : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness , and drowsiness or sleepiness , slower breathing , choking , high or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital immediately if you experience any of the above . if you forget to take abilify if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember but do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking abilify do not stop your treatment just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking abilify for as long as your doctor has told you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zynteglo is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . it can only be given in a specialised hospital by doctors who are experienced in treating patients with tdt , administering bone marrow transplants , and using gene therapy medicines . zynteglo can only be made if enough of the right kind of blood stem cells can be collected from your blood ( cd34 + blood stem cells ). approximately 2 months before treatment with zynteglo , you will be given a mobilisation medicine that will move your blood stem cells from your bone marrow into your blood stream . the blood stem cells can then be collected by a machine that separates blood components ( apheresis machine ). it may take more than 1 day to collect enough blood stem cells to make zynteglo and to store as replacement cells if zynteglo cannot be given or does not work . time what happens why approximately 2 months before zynteglo infusion mobilisation medicine is given to move the blood stem cells from your bone marrow into your blood stream . approximately 2 months before zynteglo infusion blood stem cells are collected to make zynteglo and to serve as replacement cells if needed . at least 6 days before zynteglo infusion a chemotherapy medicine is given for 4 days in a hospital to prepare your bone marrow for treatment with zynteglo . time what happens why start of zynteglo treatment zynteglo is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take place in a hospital and will take less than 30 minutes for each infusion bag . the number of bags will vary by patient . to add blood stem cells containing functional copies of the beta - globin into your bone marrow . after zynteglo infusion you will remain in the hospital for approximately 3 - 6 weeks to recover and be monitored until your doctor is satisfied that it is safe for you to leave the hospital .
your doctor will work out your dose of bortezomib sun according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose of bortezomib sun is 1 . 3 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may change the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your response to the treatment on the occurrence of certain side effects and on your underlying conditions ( e . g . liver problems ). progressive multiple myeloma - when bortezomib sun is given alone , you will receive 4 doses of bortezomib sun intravenously or subcutaneously on days 1 , 4 , 8 and 11 , followed by a 10 - day ' rest period ' without treatment . this 21 - day period ( 3 weeks ) corresponds to one treatment cycle . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). you may also be given bortezomib sun together with the medicines pegylated liposomal doxorubicin or dexamethasone : - when bortezomib sun is given together with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin , you will receive bortezomib sun intravenously or subcutaneously as a 21 - day treatment cycle . pegylated liposomal doxorubicin 30 mg / m2 is given on day 4 of the bortezomib sun 21 - day treatment cycle as an intravenous infusion after the bortezomib sun injection . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). - when bortezomib sun is given together with dexamethasone , you will receive bortezomib sun intravenously or subcutaneously as a 21 - day treatment cycle . dexamethasone 20 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 8 , 9 , 11 , and 12 , of the bortezomib sun 21 - day treatment cycle . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). previously untreated multiple myeloma if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib sun together with two other medicines ; melphalan and prednisone . in this case , the duration of a treatment cycle is 42 days ( 6 weeks ). you will receive 9 cycles ( 54 weeks ). - in cycles 1 to 4 , bortezomib sun is administered twice weekly on days 1 , 4 , 8 , 11 , 22 , 25 , 29 and 32 . - in cycles 5 to 9 , bortezomib sun is administered once weekly on days 1 , 8 , 22 and 29 . melphalan ( 9 mg / m2 ) and prednisone ( 60 mg / m2 ) are both given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 of the first week of each cycle . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib sun intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines dexamethasone , or dexamethasone and thalidomide , as induction treatment : - when bortezomib sun is given together with dexamethasone , you will receive bortezomib sun intravenously or subcutaneously as a 21 - day treatment cycle . dexamethasone 40 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 of the bortezomib sun 21 - day treatment cycle . you will receive 4 cycles ( 12 weeks ). - when bortezomib sun is given together with thalidomide and dexamethasone , the duration of a treatment cycle is 28 days ( 4 weeks ). dexamethasone 40 mg is given orally on days - 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 of the bortezomib sun 28 - day treatment cycle . thalidomide is given orally daily at 50 mg up to day 14 of the first cycle , and if tolerated the thalidomide dose is increased to 100 mg on days 15 - 28 and may be further increased to 200 mg daily from the second cycle onwards . you might receive up to 6 cycles ( 24 weeks ). previously untreated mantle cell lymphoma if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma you will receive bortezomib sun intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines rituximab , cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin and prednisone . bortezomib sun is given intravenously or subcutaneously on days 1 , 4 , 8 and 11 , followed by a ' rest period ' without treatment . the duration of a treatment cycle is 21 days ( 3 weeks ). you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). the following medicinal products are given on day 1 of each bortezomib sun 21 - day treatment cycle as intravenous infusions : rituximab at 375 mg / m2 , cyclophosphamide at 750 mg / m2 and doxorubicin at 50 mg / m2 . prednisone is given orally at 100 mg / m2 on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 of the bortezomib sun treatment cycle . how bortezomib sun is given this medicine is for intravenous or subcutaneous use . bortezomib sun will be administered by a health care professional experienced in the use of cytotoxic medicines . bortezomib sun powder has to be dissolved before administration . this will be done by a healthcare professional . the resulting solution is then either injected into a vein or under the skin . injection into a vein is rapid , taking 3 to 5 seconds . injection under the skin is in either the thighs or the abdomen . if you are given too much bortezomib sun as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
vistide is given by intravenous infusion ( a drip into a vein ). it must not be administered by other methods including intraocular injection ( direct injection into the eye ) or topically ( on the skin ). vistide must be given by a doctor or nurse with appropriate experience in treating people with aids . the doctor or nurse will transfer the appropriate dose of vistide from the vial to an infusion bag containing 100 ml 0 . 9 % ( normal ) saline solution . the entire volume of the bag will be infused into your vein at a constant rate over a period of 1 hour using a standard infusion pump . the recommended dose , frequency of use , or rate of infusion must not be exceeded . at the end of this leaflet , there is further information for healthcare professionals on how to administer vistide . to lower the risk of kidney damage , probenecid tablets and intravenous fluids ( saline solution ) must be given on the day of each vistide infusion . ( see sub - sections " how to take probenecid with vistide " and " how iv fluids are given before vistide " below .) 23 dose in adults the dose you will need is calculated based on your body weight . starting ( induction ) treatment the recommended dose of vistide in patients with normal kidney function is 5 mg per kg of body weight given once weekly for two consecutive weeks . maintenance treatment beginning two weeks after completion of induction treatment , the recommended maintenance dose of vistide in patients with normal kidney function is 5 mg per kg of body weight given once every two weeks . dose adjustment if you have kidney problems , vistide may not be appropriate treatment for you . samples of your urine and / or blood will be taken before each infusion of vistide and used for testing kidney function . for patients with evidence of decreased kidney function , your vistide dose may be interrupted or stopped depending on your individual case . if you have accidentally been given more vistide than prescribed for you , tell your doctor immediately . how to take probenecid with vistide probenecid tablets are given to lower the risk of kidney damage . you must take 3 doses of probenecid tablets orally on the same day as vistide as shown in the following table : time dose 3 hours before start of vistide infusion 2 g probenecid 2 hours after end of vistide infusion 1 g probenecid 8 hours after end of vistide infusion 1 g probenecid total 4 g probenecid probenecid is only taken on the same day that vistide is given . how iv fluids are given before vistide normal saline is given to lower the risk of kidney damage . you should receive a total of one litre of 0 . 9 % ( normal ) saline solution intravenously ( as a drip into a vein ) before each vistide dose . the saline solution should be infused over a 1 hour period immediately before the vistide infusion . if you can tolerate the additional fluid load , your doctor may administer a second litre of fluid . if administered , the second litre of saline should be given either at the start of the vistide infusion or immediately afterwards , and infused over a 1 to 3 hour period . your doctor may also tell you to drink plenty of fluids . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take ebilfumin as soon as possible , ideally within two days of the flu symptoms starting . the recommended doses 43 for treating flu , take two doses daily . it is usually convenient to take one dose in the morning and one in the evening . it is important to complete the whole 5 - day course , even if you start to feel better quickly . for adult patients with a weak immune system , treatment will continue for 10 days . for preventing flu or after being exposed to an infected person , take one dose daily for 10 days . it is best to take this in the mornings with breakfast . in special situations , such as widespread flu or for patients with a weak immune system , treatment will continue for up to 6 or 12 weeks . the recommended dose is based on the patient ' s body weight . you must use the amount of oral capsules or suspension prescribed by the doctor . adults and adolescents 13 years and over body weight treating flu : dose for 5 days preventing flu : dose for 10 days 40 kg or more 75 mg twice daily 75 mg once daily 75 mg can be made up of a 30 mg capsule plus a 45 mg capsule children 1 to 12 years body weight treating flu : dose for 5 days preventing flu : dose for 10 days 10 to 15 kg 30 mg twice daily 30 mg once daily more than 15 kg and up to 23 kg 45 mg twice daily 45 mg once daily more than 23 kg and up to 40 kg 60 mg twice daily 60 mg once daily more than 40 kg 75 mg twice daily 75 mg once daily 75 mg can be made up of a 30 mg capsule plus a 45 mg capsule infants less than 1 year ( 0 to 12 months ) giving ebilfumin to infants less than 1 year old for preventing flu during a flu pandemic should be based upon the judgment of a doctor after considering the potential benefit versus any potential risk to the infant . body weight treating flu : dose for 5 days preventing flu : dose for 10 days 3 kg to 10 + kg 3 mg per kg body weight , twice daily 3 mg per kg , once daily mg per kg = mg for each kilogram of the infant ' s body weight . for example : if a 6 - month - old weighs 8 kg , the dose is 8 kg x 3mg per kg = 24 mg method of administration swallow the capsules whole with water . do not break or chew the capsules . ebilfumin can be taken with or without food , although taking it with food can reduce the chance of feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ). people who find it hard to take capsules can use a liquid form of this medicine ( oral suspension ). if you need an oral suspension but it ' s not available from your pharmacy , you can make a liquid form of ebilfumin from these capsules . see making liquid ebilfumin at home for instructions . if you take more ebilfumin than you should 44 stop taking ebilfumin and contact a doctor or pharmacist immediately . in most cases of overdose , people have not reported any side effects . when side effects were reported , they were similar to those from normal doses , as listed in section 4 . overdose has been reported to have occurred more frequently when oseltamivir was given to children than to adults and adolescents . caution should be exercised when preparing liquid ebilfumin for children and when administering ebilfumin capsules or liquid ebilfumin to children . if you forget to take ebilfumin do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten capsule . if you stop taking ebilfumin there are no side effects when you stop ebilfumin . but if ebilfumin is stopped earlier than your doctor told you , the symptoms of flu may come back . always complete the course that your doctor prescribed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always check the pack and the vial label for the name and type of the insulin when you get it from your pharmacy . make sure you get the insulin lispro sanofi that your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . dosage you should normally inject insulin lispro sanofi within 15 minutes of a meal . if you need to , you can inject soon after a meal . but your doctor will have told you exactly how much to use , when to use it , and how often . these instructions are only for you . follow them exactly and visit your diabetes clinic regularly . if you change the type of insulin you use ( for example from a human or animal insulin to an insulin lispro sanofi product ), you may have to use more or less than before . this might just be for the first injection or it may be a gradual change over several weeks or months . inject insulin lispro sanofi under the skin ( subcutaneous use or " sc "). you should only inject it into a muscle if your doctor has told you to . preparing insulin lispro sanofi insulin lispro sanofi is already dissolved in water , so you do not need to mix it . but you must use it only if it looks like water . it must be clear , have no colour and no solid pieces in it . check each time you inject yourself . injecting insulin lispro sanofi first wash your hands . before you make an injection , clean your skin as you have been instructed . clean the rubber stopper on the vial , but do not remove the stopper . use a clean , sterile syringe and needle to pierce the rubber stopper and draw in the amount of insulin lispro sanofi you want . your doctor or clinic will tell you how to do this . do not share your needles and syringes . inject under the skin , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a vein . after your injection , leave the needle in the skin for five seconds to make sure you have injected the whole dose . do not rub the area you have just injected . make sure you inject at least half an inch ( 1 cm ) from the last injection and that you ' rotate ' the places you inject , as you have been taught . it doesn ' t matter which injection site you use , either upper arm , thigh , buttock or abdomen , your insulin lispro sanofi injection will still work quicker than soluble human insulin . your doctor will tell you if you have to mix insulin lispro sanofi with one of the human insulins . for example if you do need to inject a mixture , draw the insulin lispro sanofi into the syringe before the long acting insulin . inject the liquid as soon as you have mixed it . do the same thing every time . you should not normally mix insulin lispro sanofi with one of the mixtures of human insulins . you should never mix insulin lispro sanofi with insulins produced by other manufacturers or animal insulins . you must not administer insulin lispro sanofi by the intravenous route ( iv ). inject insulin lispro sanofi as your physician or nurse has taught you . only your physician can administer insulin 35 lispro sanofi by the intravenous route . he will only do this under special circumstances such as surgery or if you are ill and your glucose levels are too high . using insulin lispro sanofi in an infusion pump only certain ce - marked insulin infusion pumps may be used to infuse insulin lispro . before infusing insulin lispro , the manufacturer ' s instructions should be studied to ascertain the suitability or otherwise for the particular pump . read and follow the instructions in the product literature supplied with the infusion pump . be sure to use the correct reservoir and catheter for your pump . changing of the infusion set ( tubing and needle ) must be done according to the instructions in the product information supplied with the infusion set . in the event of a hypoglycaemic episode , the infusion should be stopped until the episode is resolved . if repeated or severe low blood glucose levels occur , notify your doctor or clinic and consider the need to reduce or stop your insulin infusion . a pump malfunction or obstruction of the infusion set can result in a rapid rise in glucose levels . if an interruption to insulin flow is suspected , follow the instructions in the product literature and if appropriate , notify your doctor or clinic . when used with an insulin infusion pump , insulin lispro sanofi should not be mixed with any other insulin . if you use more insulin lispro sanofi than you should if you use more insulin lispro sanofi than you need , a low blood sugar may occur . check your blood sugar . if your blood sugar is low ( mild hypoglycaemia ), eat glucose tablets , sugar or drink a sugary drink . then eat fruit , biscuits , or a sandwich , as your doctor has advised you and have some rest . this will often get you over mild hypoglycaemia or a minor insulin overdose . if you get worse and your breathing is shallow and your skin gets pale , tell your doctor at once . a glucagon injection can treat quite severe hypoglycaemia . eat glucose or sugar after the glucagon injection . if you do not respond to glucagon , you will have to go to hospital . ask your doctor to tell you about glucagon . if you forget to use insulin lispro sanofi if you use less insulin lispro sanofi than you need , a high blood sugar may occur . check your blood sugar . if hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) or hyperglycaemia ( high blood sugar ) is not treated , they can be very serious and cause headaches , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), loss of fluids ( dehydration ), unconsciousness , coma or even death ( see hypoglycaemia and hyperglycaemia and diabetic ketoacidosis in section 4 " possible side effects "). three simple steps to avoid hypoglycaemia or hyperglycaemia are : always keep spare syringes and a spare vial of insulin lispro sanofi always carry something to show you are diabetic . always carry sugar with you . if you stop using insulin lispro sanofi if you use less insulin lispro sanofi than you need , a high blood sugar may occur . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule of 250 mg taken orally twice daily ( total amount 500 mg ). take the capsule once in the morning and once in the evening . take the capsules at about the same time each day . you can take the capsules with or without food always avoiding grapefruit . swallow the capsules whole and do not crush , dissolve or open the capsules . if necessary , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 200 mg to be taken orally twice daily ( total amount 400 mg ) and if further dose reduction is necessary , to reduce it to 250 mg to be taken orally 48 once daily . your doctor may decide to permanently discontinue your treatment if you are unable to tolerate xalkori 250 mg taken orally once daily . if you take more xalkori than you should if you accidentally take too many capsules , tell your doctor or pharmacist right away . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take xalkori what to do if you forget to take a capsule depends on how long it is until your next dose . if your next dose is in 6 hours or more , take the missed capsule as soon as you remember . then take the next capsule at the usual time . if your next dose is in less than 6 hours , skip the missed capsule . then take the next capsule at the usual time . tell your doctor about the missed dose at your next visit . do not take a double dose ( two capsules at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten capsule . if you vomit after taking a dose of xalkori , do not take an extra dose ; just take your next dose at your regular time . if you stop taking xalkori it is important to take xalkori every day , as long as your doctor prescribes it to you . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed , or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor right away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet by mouth each day taken with or without food . it may take at least 7 days for zontivity to start working . your doctor will determine if you should take zontivity for more than 24 months . your doctor will determine if you should also take aspirin , clopidogrel , or both , while taking zontivity . if you take more zontivity than you should if you take more zontivity than you are supposed to , talk to a doctor or go to hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . you may be at increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take zontivity if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double - dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking zontivity do not stop taking zontivity without first talking to the doctor who prescribed it for you . take zontivity on a regular basis and for as long as your doctor keeps prescribing it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel teva pharma ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva pharma per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel teva pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel teva pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel teva pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 28x1 tablets pack size , you can check the day on which you last took the tablet by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse administers the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . a dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh , depending on the muscle mass . a second dose of vaccine should be given after an interval of at least 3 weeks .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 15 mg or 30 mg of pioglitazone to be taken once daily . your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 45 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of glidipion is too weak , talk to your doctor . glidipion can be taken with or without food . when glidipion is taken in combination with other medicines used to treat diabetes ( such as insulin , chlorpropamide , glibenclamide , gliclazide , tolbutamide ) your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a smaller dose of your medicines . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with glidipion . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking glidipion . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more glidipion than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take glidipion take glidipion daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 14 , 28 , 56 , 84 and 98 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of glidipion by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking glidipion glidipion should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using glidipion , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
invanz will always be prepared and given to you intravenously ( into a vein ) by a doctor or another healthcare professional . the recommended dose of invanz for adults and adolescents 13 years of age and older is 1 gram ( g ) given once a day . the recommended dose for children 3 months to 12 years of age is 15 mg / kg given twice daily ( not to exceed 1 g / day ). your doctor will decide how many days ' treatment you need . for prevention of surgical site infections following surgery of the colon or rectum , the recommended dose of invanz is 1 g administered as a single intravenous dose 1 hour before surgery . it is very important that you continue to receive invanz for as long as your doctor prescribes it . if you are given more invanz than you should if you are concerned that you may have been given too much invanz , contact your doctor or another healthcare professional immediately . if you miss a dose of invanz if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose , contact your doctor or another healthcare professional immediately .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the doctor will prescribe a suitable dose for you . the recommended dose is generally 4 to 10 capsules to be taken once daily . take your prescribed number of capsules at the same time each day with a meal . the capsules can be taken immediately before , during or immediately after the course of the meal , if preferred . the capsules should be swallowed whole and not chewed . how long you should take targretin although some patients have improvement within the first several weeks , most patients require several months or more of treatment to improve . if you take more targretin than you should if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of targretin , you must contact your doctor . if you forget to take targretin if you forget to take one dose , take your daily dose with your next meal on the same day , then take your usual dose as normal , the following day . do not take a double dose in one day to make up for a forgotten dose the previous day . if you stop taking targretin your doctor should determine how long you should take targretin , and when treatment may be stopped . do not stop taking your medication until your doctor advises you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
aloxi is normally given by a doctor or nurse . you will be given the medicine about 30 minutes before the start of chemotherapy . adults the recommended dose of aloxi is 250 micrograms . it is given as an injection into a vein . children and young people ( aged 1 month to 17 years ) the doctor will work out the right dose based on bodyweight . the maximum dose is 1500 micrograms . aloxi will be given as a drip ( a slow infusion into a vein ). it is not recommended you are given aloxi in the days following chemotherapy unless you are going to have another chemotherapy cycle . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for the first 28 days - the recommended starting dose is one 250 micrograms tablet once daily . - the starting dose is a low dose used to help your body get used to the medicine before you start taking the full dose . at this low dose you will not get the full effect from the medicine therefore it is important that you move on to the full dose ( called a ' maintenance dose ') after 28 days . after 28 days - the recommended maintenance dose is one 500 micrograms tablet once daily . swallow the tablet with some water . you may take this medicine with or without food . take the tablet at the same time every day . you may need to take daxas for several weeks to achieve its beneficial effect . if you take more daxas than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , you may experience the following symptoms : headache , nausea , diarrhoea , dizziness , throbbing of your heart , light - headedness , clamminess and low blood pressure . tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if possible take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take daxas if you forget to take a tablet at the usual time , take the tablet as soon as you remember on the same day . if on one day you have forgotten to take a tablet of daxas , just carry on the next day with the next tablet as usual . continue taking your medicine at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking daxas it is important to continue taking daxas for as long as prescribed by your doctor , even when you have no symptoms , in order to maintain control of your lung function . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take viracept exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual doses are described below . follow the instructions carefully to get the most benefit from viracept . viracept powder is for people who cannot take tablets . viracept tablets are generally recommended for adults and older children . for younger children able to take tablets , viracept tablets may be taken instead of the oral powder . if you want to take the tablets instead please see the package leaflet for viracept 250 mg tablets . how to prepare viracept two measuring scoops are provided in the medicine box : white 1 gram ( 1g ) scoop . blue 5 gram ( 5g ) scoop . measure out a level scoop of powder . you can use the handle of the second scoop to scrape off the extra powder and make your scoop level ( see picture below ). you can mix the powder with a small amount of water , milk , baby formula , soy formula , soy milk , dietary liquid supplements or pudding . if you mix the powder , but do not take it straight away you can store it for up to 6 hours in a refrigerator . do not mix the powder with orange juice , apple sauce or other acidic liquids or foods . this may give your medicine a bitter taste . do not add liquid to the powder in its original container taking this medicine take viracept with a meal . this helps your body to get the full benefit from your medicine . take all the mixture you make each time . this will make sure that you get the right amount of your medicine . take all your doses at the right time each day . this helps make your medicine work as well as it can . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . how much to take adults and children older than 13 years viracept powder can be taken either two or three times a day with a meal . table 1 below shows the usual doses . table 1 dose to be taken by adults and children older than 13 years how often you take it number of scoops blue scoop white scoop ( 5 g ) ( 1 g ) how much you take each time ( in grams ) two times a day 5 - 25 g three times a day 3 - 15 g children aged 3 to 13 years for children aged 3 to 13 years , the recommended dose of viracept powder is based on their body weight . you will either give the medicine to your child two or three times a day with a meal . the different ways are shown in separate tables below . table 2 : if you give the medicine two times a day , you will give 50 - 55 mg nelfinavir each time for each kg of body weight . table 3 : if you give the medicine three times a day , you will give 25 - 35 mg nelfinavir each time for each kg of body weight . table 2 dose to be given two times a day to children aged 3 to 13 body weight of your child number of scoops blue scoop white scoop ( 5 g ) ( 1 g ) how much to give each time ( in grams ) 7 . 5 to 8 . 5 kg 1 plus 3 8 g 8 . 5 to 10 . 5 kg 2 - 10 g 10 . 5 to 12 kg 2 plus 2 12 g 12 to 14 kg 2 plus 4 14 g 14 to 16 kg 3 plus 1 16 g 16 to 18 kg 3 plus 3 18 g 18 to 22 kg 4 plus 1 21 g over 22 kg 5 - 25 g 64 table 3 dose to be given three times a day to children aged 3 to 13 body weight of your child number of scoops blue scoop white scoop ( 5 g ) ( 1 g ) how much to give each time ( in grams ) 7 . 5 to 8 . 5 kg 1 5 g 8 . 5 to 10 . 5 kg 1 plus 1 6 g 10 . 5 to 12 kg 1 plus 2 7 g 12 to 14 kg 1 plus 3 8 g 14 to 16 kg 2 10 g 16 to 18 kg 2 plus 1 11 g 18 to 22 kg 2 plus 3 13 g over 22 kg 3 15 g if you take more viracept than you should if you take more viracept than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . among other things , very large doses of viracept might cause problems with your heart rhythm . if you forget to take viracept if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking viracept do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . take all your doses at the right time each day . this helps make your medicine work as well as it can .
your doctor will decide the correct dose of inomax and will administer inomax to you or your child ' s lungs through a system designed for delivering this gas . this delivery system will ensure that the correct amount of nitric oxide is delivered by diluting inomax with an oxygen / air mixture immediately before giving it to you . for you or your child ' s safety , the delivery systems intended for administration of inomax are fitted with devices that constantly measure the amount of nitric oxide , oxygen and nitrogen dioxide ( a chemical formed when nitric oxide and oxygen are mixed ) being delivered to the lungs . your doctor will decide how long you or your child should be treated with inomax . inomax is given in dose of 10 to 20 ppm , ( maximal dose 20 ppm in children and 40 ppm in adults ) part per million of the gas that you or your child inhale . the lowest effective dose will be sought . therapy is usually required for about 4 days in newborn infants with lung failure associated with high blood pressure in the lungs . in children and adults with high blood pressure in the lungs , connected with heart surgery , inomax is usually given for 24 - 48 hours . however , therapy with inomax may last longer . if you or your child receive more inomax than you should too much of inhaled nitric oxide may influence the oxygen carrying capacity of the blood . this will be monitored by blood samples and if required the inomax dose will be decreased and the administration of medicines such as vitamin c , methylene blue , or eventually blood transfusion , in order to improve the oxygen carrying capacity , may be considered . if you stop using inomax treatment with inomax should not be stopped suddenly . low blood pressure or a rebound increase in pressure in the lungs has been known to occur if treatment with inomax is stopped suddenly without first lowering the dose . at the end of treatment , the doctor will slowly lower the amount of inomax being given to you or your child , so that the circulation in the lungs is able to adjust to oxygen / air without inomax . thus it may take a day or two before you or your child is off inomax therapy . if you have any other questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the doctor will advise you on the right dosing . you can take mirapexin with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 3 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets mirapexin 0 . 088 mg three times a day 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 35 mg three times a day or 2 tablets mirapexin 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 54 1 . 1 the usual maintenance dose is 1 . 1 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase your tablet dose up to a maximum of 3 . 3 mg of pramipexole a day . a lower maintenance dose of three mirapexin 0 . 088 mg tablets a day is also possible . lowest maintenance dose highest maintenance dose number of tablets 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 088 mg three times a day 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 7 mg and 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 3 . 15 patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor will prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 088 mg twice a day . in severe kidney disease , the usual starting dose is just 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 088 mg a day . restless legs syndrome the dose is usually taken once a day , in the evening , 2 - 3 hours before bedtime . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 088 mg once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 4 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week 4th week number of tablets 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets mirapexin 0 . 088 mg 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 35 mg or 2 tablets mirapexin 0 . 18 mg or 4 tablets mirapexin 0 . 088 mg 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 35 mg and 1 tablet mirapexin 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets mirapexin 0 . 18 mg or 6 tablets mirapexin 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 0 . 35 0 . 54 the daily dose should not exceed 6 tablets mirapexin 0 . 088 mg or a dose of 0 . 54 mg ( 0 . 75 mg pramipexole salt ). if you stop taking your tablets for more than a few days and want to restart the treatment , you must start again at the lowest dose . you can then build up the dose again , as you did the first time . ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will review your treatment after 3 months to decide whether or not to continue the treatment . patients with kidney disease if you have severe kidney disease , mirapexin may not be a suitable treatment for you . if you take more mirapexin than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , - contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately for advice . - you may experience vomiting , restlessness , or any of the side effects as described in section 4 " possible side effects ". if you forget to take mirapexin do not worry . simply leave out that dose completely and then take your next dose at the right time . do not try to make up for the missed dose . if you stop taking mirapexin do not stop taking mirapexin without first talking to your doctor . if you have to stop taking this medicine , your doctor will reduce the dose gradually . this reduces the risk of worsening symptoms . if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease you should not stop treatment with mirapexin abruptly . a sudden stop could cause you to develop a medical condition called neuroleptic malignant syndrome which may represent a major health risk . the symptoms include : - akinesia ( loss of muscle movement ) - rigid muscles - fever - unstable blood pressure - tachycardia ( increased heart rate ) - confusion - depressed level of consciousness ( e . g . coma ) if you stop or reduce mirapexin you may also develop a medical condition called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome . the symptoms include depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain . if you experience these symptoms you should contact your physician . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the dose of vokanamet is one tablet twice a day . the strength of vokanamet that you will take varies depending on your condition and the amount of canagliflozin and metformin needed to control your blood sugar . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . it is best to take your tablet with a meal . this will lower your chance of having an upset stomach . try to take it at the same times each day . this will help you remember to take it . if your doctor has prescribed this medicine along with any medicine for lowering cholesterol such as cholestyramine you should take this medicine at least 1 hour before or 4 hours to 6 hours after the cholesterol - lowering medicine . your doctor may prescribe vokanamet together with another glucose - lowering medicine . remember to take all medicines as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . diet and exercise to help control your diabetes , you still need to follow the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking this medicine . if you take more vokanamet than you should as vokanamet contains metformin , if you take more of this medicine , you may experience lactic acidosis . if this happens to you , you may need immediate hospital treatment , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include vomiting , stomach ache , muscle cramps , a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness , or difficulty breathing . further symptoms are reduced body temperature and heartbeat . stop taking this medicine immediately and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away ( see section 2 ). take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take vokanamet if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vokanamet your blood sugar levels may rise if you stop taking this medicine . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the recommended dose one injection of avonex , once a week . try to use avonex at the same time on the same day each week . not for children avonex is not to be used in children below the age of 12 years . if you have decided to start treatment with avonex , your doctor may provide you with an avostartclip titration kit . the avostartclip attaches to the syringe and enables you to gradually increase your dose of avonex when you first start treatment . this is to limit flu - like symptoms which some people 46 experience when they start using avonex . your doctor or nurse will help you use the avostartclip titration kit . ( notes information ) starting avonex if you are new to avonex , your doctor may advise you to gradually increase your dose so that you can adjust to the effects of avonex before taking the full dose . you will be provided with an avostartclip titration kit . avostartclips can be attached onto the syringe enabling a reduced dose of avonex to be injected at the start of treatment . each avostartclip should be used once and then discarded along with any remaining avonex . for further details on use , speak with your doctor . injecting yourself you can inject avonex yourself without the help of your doctor , if they have trained you to do this . the instructions on how to inject yourself are at the end of this leaflet ( see section 7 , how to inject avonex ). if you have trouble handling the syringe , ask your doctor who may be able to help . ( notes information ) there are more details on how to inject avonex at the end of this leaflet . alternate needle : your pack of avonex already includes a needle for injection . it may be possible for your doctor to prescribe you a shorter and thinner needle , depending on your body type . talk to your doctor to see if this is appropriate for you . if you have problems handling the syringe , talk to your doctor about using a syringe grip . this is a specially designed holder to help you with injecting avonex . how long to use avonex your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using avonex . it is important to continue using avonex regularly . do not make changes unless your doctor tells you . if you inject more than you should you should only have one injection of avonex , once a week . if you have used more than one injection of avonex in a three - day period , contact your doctor or pharmacist straight away for advice . if you miss an injection if you miss your usual weekly dose , inject a dose as soon as you can . then leave a week before using avonex again . continue injecting on this new day every week . if you have a preferred day for using avonex , talk to your doctor about managing the dose , to get back to your preferred day . do not use two injections to make up for a missed injection .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose one injection of plegridy 125 micrograms every 14 days ( every two weeks ). try to use plegridy at the same time on the same day , every time you inject . starting plegridy if you are new to plegridy , your doctor may advise you to gradually increase your dose so that you can adjust to the effects of plegridy before taking the full dose . you will be provided with an initiation pack containing your first 2 injections : one orange syringe with plegridy 63 micrograms ( for day 0 ) and one blue syringe with plegridy 94 micrograms ( for day 14 ). after that you will be provided with a maintenance pack containing grey syringes with plegridy 125 micrograms ( for day 28 and then every two weeks ). read the instructions in section 7 " instructions for injecting plegridy pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet before you start using plegridy . use the record table printed on the inside of the lid of the initiation pack to keep a track of your injection dates . injecting yourself plegridy is to be injected under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). alternate the sites you use for injections . do not use the same injection site for consecutive injections . you can inject plegridy yourself without the help of your doctor , if you have been trained how to do this . - read and follow the advice given in the instructions in section 7 " instructions for injecting plegridy pre - filled syringe " before you start . - if you have trouble handling the syringe , ask your doctor or nurse who may be able to help . how long to use plegridy your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using plegridy . it is important to continue using plegridy regularly . do not make changes unless your doctor tells you . if you use more plegridy than you should you must only inject plegridy once every 2 weeks . - if you have used more than one injection of plegridy in a 7 - day period , contact your doctor or nurse straight away . if you forget to use plegridy you need to inject plegridy once every 2 weeks . this regular schedule helps to deliver the treatment as evenly as possible . if you do miss your usual day , inject as soon as you can and carry on as usual . however , do not inject more than once in a 7 - day period . do not use two injections to make up for a missed injection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the doctor will advise you on the right dosing . you can take pramipexole accord with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 3 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet pramipexole accord 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 pramipexole accord tablet 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 pramipexole accord tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 pramipexole accord tablets 0 . 088 mg three times a day 1 pramipexole accord tablet 0 . 35 mg three times a day or 2 pramipexole accord tablets 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 54 1 . 1 40 the usual maintenance dose is 1 . 1 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase your tablet dose up to a maximum of 3 . 3 mg of pramipexole a day . a lower maintenance dose of three pramipexole accord 0 . 088 mg tablets a day is also possible . lowest maintenance dose highest maintenance dose number of tablets 1 pramipexole accord tablet 0 . 088 mg three times a day 1 pramipexole accord tablet 1 . 1 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 3 . 3 patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor will prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 pramipexole accord tablet 0 . 088 mg twice a day . in severe kidney disease , the usual starting dose is just 1 pramipexole accord tablet 0 . 088 mg a day . if you take more pramipexole accord than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately for advice . you may experience vomiting , restlessness , or any of the side effects as described in chapter 4 " possible side effects ". if you forget to take pramipexole accord do not worry . simply leave out that dose completely and then take your next dose at the right time . do not try to make up for the missed dose . if you stop taking pramipexole accord do not stop taking pramipexole accord without first talking to your doctor . if you have to stop taking this medicine , your doctor will reduce the dose gradually . this reduces the risk of worsening symptoms . if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease you should not stop treatment with pramipexole accord abruptly . a sudden stop could cause you to develop a medical condition called neuroleptic malignant syndrome which may represent a major health risk . the symptoms include : akinesia ( loss of muscle movement ) rigid muscles fever unstable blood pressure tachycardia ( increased heart rate ) confusion depressed level of consciousness ( e . g . coma ) if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or other healthcare professional will give you this medicine into one of your veins through an infusion ( a drip ) lasting one hour . the dose of medicine given to you depends on whether or not you have kidney problems . adults the dose depends on the type of infection that you have , where the infection is in your body and how serious the infection is . your doctor will decide on the dose that you need . the recommended dose of zerbaxa is 1 g of ceftolozane and 0 . 5 g of tazobactam or 2 g of ceftolozane and 1 g of tazobactam every 8 hours , which is given into one of your veins ( directly into the bloodstream ). treatment with zerbaxa normally lasts between 4 and 14 days , depending on the severity and location of the infection and on how your body responds to the treatment . patients with kidney problems your doctor may need to reduce the dose of zerbaxa or decide how often zerbaxa is given to you . your doctor may also want to test your blood to make sure you receive an appropriate dose , especially if you have to take this medicine for a long time . if you take more zerbaxa than you should as this product is given by a doctor or other healthcare professional , it is very unlikely that you will be given too much zerbaxa . however , if you have any concerns you should let your doctor , nurse or pharmacist know immediately . if you stop taking zerbaxa if you think you have not been given a dose of zerbaxa , tell your doctor or other healthcare professional immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . apply protopic as a thin layer to affected areas of your skin . protopic may be used on most parts of the body , including the face and neck and in the creases of your elbows and knees . avoid using the ointment inside your nose or mouth or in your eyes . if the ointment gets on any of these areas , it should be thoroughly wiped off and / or rinsed off with water . do not cover the skin being treated with bandages or wraps . wash your hands after applying protopic unless your hands are also being treated . before applying protopic after a bath or shower , be sure your skin is completely dry . children ( 2 years of age and older ) apply protopic 0 . 03 % ointment twice a day for up to three weeks , once in the morning and once in the evening . afterwards the ointment should be used once a day on each affected region of the skin until the eczema has gone away . adults ( 16 years of age and older ) two strengths of protopic ( protopic 0 . 03 % and protopic 0 . 1 % ointment ) are available for adult patients ( 16 years of age and older ). your doctor will decide which strength is best for you . usually , treatment is started with protopic 0 . 1 % ointment twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , until the eczema has cleared . depending on the response of your eczema your doctor will decide if the frequency of application can be reduced or the lower strength , protopic 0 . 03 % ointment , can be used . treat each affected region of your skin until the eczema has gone away . improvement is usually seen within one week . if you do not see any improvement after two weeks , see your doctor about other possible treatments . you may be told by your doctor to use protopic ointment twice weekly once your atopic dermatitis has cleared or almost cleared ( protopic 0 . 03 % for children and protopic 0 . 1 % for adults ). protopic ointment should be applied once a day twice weekly ( e . g . monday and thursday ) to areas of your body commonly affected by atopic dermatitis . there should be 23 days without protopic treatment between applications . if symptoms reappear you should use protopic twice daily as outlined above and arrange to see your doctor to review your treatment . if you accidentally swallow some ointment if you accidentally swallow the ointment , consult your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . do not try to induce vomiting . if you forget to use protopic if you forget to apply the ointment at the scheduled time , do it as soon as you remember and then continue as before . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet per day , for treatment courses of up to 3 months each .. if you have been prescribed several courses of ulipristal acetate gedeon richter 3 - month treatment , you should start each course at the earliest during the second menstrual period following the previous treatment completion . you should always start taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter within the first week of your menstrual period . the tablet should be swallowed with water and may be taken with or without food . if you take more ulipristal acetate gedeon richter than you should experience with ulipristal acetate gedeon richter when several doses are taken at once is limited . there have been no reports of serious harmful effects from taking several doses of this medicine at once . you should nonetheless ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice if you take more ulipristal acetate gedeon richter than you should . if you forget to take ulipristal acetate gedeon richter if you miss a dose by less than 12 hours , take it as soon as you remember . if you miss a dose by more than 12 hours , skip the missed tablet and take only a single tablet as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter ulipristal acetate gedeon richter is to be taken daily during treatment courses of up to 3 months continuously . during each course of treatment , do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better , as symptoms may re - occur later . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . remove your onduarp tablet from the blister only directly prior to intake . you can take onduarp with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed one 40 mg / 5 mg tablet or one 40 mg / 10 mg tablet per day . if you take more onduarp than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . you might experience low blood pressure and rapid heart beat . slow heart beat , dizziness , reduced kidney function including kidney failure , marked and prolonged low blood pressure including shock and death have also been reported . if you forget to take onduarp if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking onduarp it is important that you take onduarp every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of onduarp is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
jinarc can only be prescribed by doctors who are specialised in the treatment of adpkd . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dose the daily amount of jinarc is split into two doses , one bigger than the other . the higher dose should be taken in the morning when you wake up , at least 30 minutes before the morning meal . the lower dose is taken 8 hours later . the dose combinations are : 45 mg + 15 mg 60 mg + 30 mg 90 mg + 30 mg your treatment will normally start with a dose of 45 mg in the morning and 15 mg 8 hours later . your doctor may gradually increase your dose up to a maximum combination of 90 mg on waking and 30 mg after 8 hours . to find the best dose your doctor will regularly check how well you are tolerating a prescribed dose . you should always take the highest tolerable dose combination prescribed by your doctor . if you take other medicines , which can increase the effects of jinarc you may receive lower doses . in this case your doctor may prescribe you jinarc tablets with 30 mg or 15 mg tolvaptan which have to be taken once a day in the morning . method of administration swallow the tablets without chewing , with a glass of water . the morning dose is to be taken at least 30 minutes before the morning meal . the second daily dose can be taken with or without food . if you take more jinarc than you should if you have taken more tablets than your prescribed dose , drink plenty of water and contact your doctor or your local hospital immediately . remember to take the medicine pack with you so that it is clear what you have taken . if you take the higher dose very late in the day you may have to go to the toilet at night more frequently . if you forget to take jinarc if you forget to take your medicine , you should take the dose as soon as you remember on the same day . if you do not take your tablets on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking jinarc if you stop taking this medicine your kidney cysts may grow as fast as they did before you started treatment with jinarc . therefore , you should only stop taking this medicine if you notice side effects requiring urgent medical attention ( see section 4 ) or if your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . taltz is given by injection under your skin ( subcutaneous injection ). you and your doctor or nurse should decide if you should inject taltz yourself . for use in children with a body weight of 25 - 50 kg ixekizumab doses of 40 mg must be prepared and administered by a qualified healthcare professional . it is important not to try to inject yourself until you have been trained by your doctor or nurse . a caregiver may also give you your taltz injection after proper training . use a reminder method such as notes in a calendar or diary to help you remember your next dose so that you avoid missing or repeating doses . taltz is for long - term treatment . your doctor or nurse will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . each syringe contains one dose of taltz ( 80 mg ). each syringe delivers only one dose . the syringe must not be shaken . read the " instructions for use " for the syringe carefully before using taltz . how much taltz is given and for how long your doctor will explain to you how much taltz you need and for how long . plaque psoriasis in adults - the first dose is 160 mg ( 2 syringes with 80 mg each ) by subcutaneous injection . this may be given by your doctor or nurse . - after the first dose , you will use an 80 mg dose ( 1 syringe ) at weeks 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , and 12 . from week 12 , you will use an 80 mg dose ( 1 syringe ) every 4 weeks . plaque psoriasis in children ( age 6 years and above and at least 25 kg body weight ) and in adolescents . the recommended dose given by subcutaneous injection in children is based on the following weight categories : children ' s body weight recommended starting dose ( week 0 ) recommended dose every 4 weeks ( q4w ) thereafter greater than 50 kg 160 mg ( 2 syringes ) 80 mg ( 1 syringe ) 25 to 50 kg 80 mg ( 1 syringe ) 40 mg ( dose preparation required ) 40 mg preparation of ixekizumab in children ixekizumab doses of 40 mg must be prepared and administered by a qualified healthcare professional . taltz is not recommended for use in children with a body weight below 25 kg . psoriatic arthritis for psoriatic arthritis patients who also have moderate to severe plaque psoriasis : - the first dose is 160 mg ( 2 syringes with 80 mg each ) by subcutaneous injection . this may be given by your doctor or nurse . - after the first dose , you will use an 80 mg dose ( 1 syringe ) at weeks 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , and 12 . from week 12 , you will use an 80 mg dose ( 1 syringe ) every 4 weeks . for other psoriatic arthritis patients - the first dose is 160 mg ( 2 syringes with 80 mg each ) by subcutaneous injection . this may be given by your doctor or nurse . - after the first dose you will use an 80 mg dose ( 1 syringe ) every 4 weeks . axial spondyloarthritis the recommended dose is 160 mg ( 2 syringes with 80 mg each ) by subcutaneous injection at week 0 , followed by 80 mg ( 1 syringe ) every 4 weeks . if you use more taltz than you should if you have received more taltz than you should or the dose has been given sooner than prescribed , inform your doctor . if you forget to use taltz if you have forgotten to inject a dose of taltz , talk to your doctor . if you stop using taltz you should not stop using taltz without speaking to your doctor first . if you stop treatment , symptoms of psoriasis or psoriatic arthritis may come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine medac should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine medac is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1 , 250 mg / m² of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 1 . 7 m² and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m² and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . your doctor will tell you what dose you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may want you to take a combination of 150 mg , 300 mg and 500 mg tablets for each dose . take the tablets in the morning and evening as prescribed by your doctor . take the tablets within 30 minutes after the end of a meal ( breakfast and dinner ) and swallow whole with water . do not crush or cut tablets . if you cannot swallow capecitabine medac tablets whole , tell your healthcare provider . it is important that you take all your medicine as prescribed by your doctor . capecitabine medac tablets are usually taken for 14 days followed by a 7 day rest period ( when no tablets are taken ). this 21 day period is one treatment cycle . in combination with other medicines the usual dose for adults may be less than 1 , 250 mg / m² of body surface area , and you may need to take the tablets over a different time period ( e . g . every day , with no rest period ). if you take more capecitabine medac than you should if you take more capecitabine medac than you should , contact your doctor as soon as possible before taking the next dose . you might get the following side effects if you take a lot more capecitabine than you should : feeling , or being sick , diarrhoea , inflammation or ulceration of the gut or mouth , pain or bleeding from the intestine or stomach , or bone marrow depression ( reduction in certain kinds of blood cells ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . if you forget to take capecitabine medac do not take the missed dose at all . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . instead , continue your regular dosing schedule and check with your doctor . if you stop taking capecitabine medac there are no side effects caused by stopping treatment with capecitabine . in case you are using coumarin anticoagulants ( containing e . g . phenprocoumon ), stopping capecitabine might require that your doctor adjusts your anticoagulant dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ziextenzo is for use in adults aged 18 and over . always use ziextenzo exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . injecting ziextenzo yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject ziextenzo yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with ziextenzo , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not shake ziextenzo vigorously as this may affect its activity . if you use more ziextenzo than you should if you use more ziextenzo than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to inject ziextenzo if you are injecting yourself and have forgotten a dose of ziextenzo , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you exactly how much vipdomet you need to take . the amount of vipdomet will vary depending on your condition and the doses you currently take of metformin alone , metformin in combination with pioglitazone , insulin and / or individual tablets of alogliptin and metformin . the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , which may need to be given as separate tablets of alogliptin and metformin . swallow your tablet ( s ) whole with water . you should take this medicine with food to reduce your chance of an upset stomach . if you take more vipdomet than you should if you take more tablets than you should , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , contact or go to your nearest emergency centre straight away . take this leaflet or some tablets with you so that your doctor knows exactly what you have taken . if you forget to take vipdomet if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vipdomet do not stop taking vipdomet without consulting your doctor first . your blood sugar levels may increase when you stop taking vipdomet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dose the recommended dose of memantine lek for adults and elderly patients is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half 10 mg tablet week 2 one 10 mg tablet week 3 one and a half 10 mg tablets week 4 and beyond two 10 mg tablets or one 20 mg tablet once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet of 10 mg once a day ( 1x 5 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet of 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 1 and a half tablet of 10 mg once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 2 tablets once a day ( 1 x 20 mg ). dose in patients with impaired kidney function if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration memantine lek should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take memantine lek as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor should assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you take more memantine lek than you should - in general , taking too much memantine lek should not result in any harm to you . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 " possible side effects ". - if you take a large overdose of memantine lek , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take memantine lek - if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of memantine lek , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment should be monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of blood clotting disorders . if your doctor thinks you could administer voncento yourself , appropriate instructions will be provided to you by your doctor . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . dose the amount of vwf and fviii you need to take and the duration of treatment depend on : the severity of your disease the site and intensity of the bleeding your clinical condition your body weight ( see also section " the following information is intended for healthcare professionals only "). if you have been prescribed voncento to use at home , your doctor will make sure that you are shown how to inject it and how much to use . follow the directions given to you by your doctor . use in children and adolescents dosing in children and adolescents aged < 18 years is based on body weight and is therefore generally based on the same instructions as for adults . in some cases , especially in younger patients , higher doses may be needed . if you use more voncento than you should five cases of overdose have been reported from clinical trials . no side effects have been associated with these reports . the risk of developing blood clots ( thrombosis ) cannot be excluded in case of an extremely high dose , especially in patients with vwd . if you forget to use voncento proceed with your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using voncento do not stop using voncento without consulting your doctor . reconstitution and application general instructions the powder must be mixed with the solvent ( liquid ) and withdrawn from the vial under aseptic conditions . voncento must not be mixed with other medicines , diluents or solvents except those mentioned in section 6 . the solution should be clear or slightly opalescent , i . e . it might be sparkling when held up to the light but must not contain any obvious particles . after filtering or withdrawal ( see below ) the solution should be checked by eye , before it is used . do not use the solution if it is visibly cloudy or if it contains flakes or particles . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements and as instructed by your doctor . reconstitution without opening the vials , warm the voncento powder and the liquid to room or body temperature . this can be done either by leaving the vials at room temperature for about an hour , or by holding them in your hands for a few minutes . do not expose the vials to direct heat . the vials must not be heated above body temperature ( 37 ºc ). carefully remove the protective caps from the vials , and clean the exposed rubber stoppers with an alcohol swab . allow the vials to dry before opening the mix2vial package ( which contains the filter transfer device ), then follow the instructions given below . 1 1 . open the mix2vial package by peeling off the lid . do not remove the mix2vial from the blister package ! 2 2 . place the solvent vial on an even , clean surface and hold the vial tight . take the mix2vial together with the blister package and push the spike of the blue adapter end straight down through the solvent vial stopper . 3 3 . carefully remove the blister package from the mix2vial set by holding at the rim , and pulling vertically upwards . make sure that you only pull away the blister package and not the mix2vial set . 4 4 . place the product vial on an even and firm surface . invert the solvent vial with the mix2vial set attached and push the spike of the transparent adapter end straight down through the product vial stopper . the solvent will automatically flow into the product vial . 5 5 . with one hand grasp the product - side of the mix2vial set and with the other hand grasp the solvent - side and unscrew the set carefully counterclockwise into two pieces to avoid excessive build - up of foam when dissolving the product . discard the solvent vial with the blue mix2vial adapter attached . 6 6 . gently swirl the product vial with the transparent adapter attached until the substance is fully dissolved . do not shake . 7 7 . draw air into an empty , sterile syringe . while the product vial is upright , connect the syringe to the mix2vial ´ s luer lock fitting by screwing clockwise . inject air into the product vial . withdrawal and application 8 8 . while keeping the syringe plunger pressed , turn the system upside down and draw the solution into the syringe by pulling the plunger back slowly . 9 9 . now that the solution has been transferred into the syringe , firmly hold on to the barrel of the syringe ( keeping the syringe plunger facing down ) and disconnect the transparent mix2vial adapter from the syringe by unscrewing counterclockwise . use the venipuncture kit supplied with the product , insert the needle into a vein . let blood flow back to the end of the tube . attach the syringe to the threaded , locking end of the venipuncture kit . the use of plastic disposable syringes is recommended as the ground glass surfaces of all - glass syringes tend to stick with solutions of this type . inject / infuse the reconstituted solution slowly ( at a rate not more than 6 ml per minute ) into the vein following the instructions given to you by your doctor . take care not to get any blood in the syringe containing the product . in case large volumes of voncento are required , it is possible to pool several vials of voncento together , via a commercially available infusion set ( e . g . a syringe pump for giving medicines into a vein ). however , in these cases the initially reconstituted solution of voncento should not be diluted any further . check yourself for any side effects that might happen straight away . if you have any side effects that might be related to the administration of voncento , the injection or infusion should be stopped ( see also section 2 ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with novoeight will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this will depend on your weight and what the medicine is being used for . prevention of bleeding the usual dose of novoeight is 20 to 50 international units ( iu ) per kg of body weight . the injection is given every 2 to 3 days . in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be needed . treatment of bleeding the dose of novoeight is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . use in children and adolescents novoeight can be used in children of all ages . in children ( below the age of 12 ) higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . adolescents ( above the age of 12 ) can use the same dose as adults . how novoeight is given novoeight is given as an injection into a vein . see ' instructions on how to use novoeight ' for more information . if you use more novoeight than you should if you use more novoeight than you should , tell your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to use novoeight you should contact your doctor if you have missed a dose and do not know how to compensate for this . if you stop using novoeight if you stop using novoeight you may no longer be protected against bleeding or a current bleed may not stop . do not stop using novoeight without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take and when the amount of xiliarx people have to take varies depending on their condition . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of xiliarx to take . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg . the usual dose of xiliarx is either : 50 mg daily taken as one dose in the morning if you are taking xiliarx with another medicine called a sulphonylurea . 100 mg daily taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening if you are taking xiliarx alone , with another medicine called metformin or a glitazone , with a combination of metformin and a sulphonylurea , or with insulin . 50 mg daily in the morning if you have moderate or severe kidney disease or if you are on dialysis . how to take xiliarx swallow the tablets whole with some water . how long to take xiliarx take xiliarx every day for as long as your doctor tells you . you may have to take this treatment over a long period of time . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more xiliarx than you should if you take too many xiliarx tablets , or if someone else has taken your medicine , talk to your doctor straight away . medical attention may be needed . if you need to see a doctor or go to the hospital , take the pack with you . if you forget to take xiliarx if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking xiliarx do not stop taking xiliarx unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor .
always take sprimeo exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 300 mg tablet once daily . your doctor may prescribe sprimeo together with other medicines used to treat high blood pressure . method of administration it is recommended that you take the tablets with some water . you should take sprimeo with a light meal once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you should not take sprimeo together with grapefruit juice . if you take more sprimeo than you should if you have accidentally taken too many sprimeo tablets , consult a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take sprimeo if you forget to take a dose of sprimeo , take it as soon as you remember and then take the next dose at its usual time . however , if it is almost time for your next dose you should simply take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . dosage your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you taking into account your weight and response to treatment . the dose or dosing interval should not be changed without consulting your doctor . if you think you should receive hizentra more or less frequently , please speak to your doctor . if you think you have missed a dose , speak to your doctor as soon as possible . replacement therapy your doctor will determine whether you need a loading dose ( for adults and children ) of at least 1 to 2 . 5 ml / kg of body weight divided over several days . following this , maintenance doses may be given at repeated intervals , from daily to once every two weeks , to reach a cumulative monthly dose of about 2 to 4 ml / kg of body weight . your healthcare professional may adjust the dose based on your response to the treatment . immunomodulatory therapy your doctor will initiate therapy with hizentra 1 week after your last intravenous immunoglobulin infusion by administrating under the skin ( subcutaneously ) with a weekly dose of 1 . 0 to 2 . 0 ml / kg of body weight . your doctor will determine your weekly hizentra dose . the weekly maintenance doses may be divided into smaller doses and administered as often as required during the week . for dosing every two weeks , your doctor will double the weekly hizentra dose . your healthcare professional may adjust the dose based on your response to the treatment . method and route of administration in case of home treatment , this will be initiated by a healthcare professional experienced in the treatment of immunodeficiency / cidp with scig and in the guidance of patients for home treatment . you will be instructed in : aseptic infusion techniques the keeping of a treatment diary , and measures to be taken in case of severe side effects . infusion site ( s ) administer hizentra under the skin only . you may infuse hizentra into sites such as abdomen , thigh , upper arm , and lateral hip . if large doses are given (> 50 ml ), try to administer them at multiple sites . you may use an unlimited number of sites simultaneously . injection sites should be at least 5 cm apart . in the case , you will use a device - assisted infusion technique ( e . g . pump - assisted infusion ), more than one infusion device can be used simultaneously . in the case , you will use the manual push infusion technique with a syringe , you may use only one infusion site per syringe . if you need to administer an additional hizentra syringe , you must use a new sterile injection needle and change the infusion site . the volume of product infused into a particular site may vary . infusion rate ( s ) your doctor will determine the appropriate infusion technique and the infusion rate for you taking into account your individual dose , dosing frequency and product tolerability . device - assisted infusion : the recommended initial infusion rate is up to 20 ml / hour / site . if well - tolerated , you may gradually increase the infusion rate to 35 ml / hour / site for the subsequent two infusions . thereafter , the infusion rate can be increased further as per your tolerability . manual push infusion : the recommended initial infusion rate is up to 0 . 5 ml / min / site ( 30 ml / hour / site ). if well - tolerated , you may increase the infusion rate up to 2 . 0 ml / min / site ( 120 ml / hour / site ) for subsequent infusions . thereafter , the infusion rate can be increased further as per your tolerability . instructions for use follow the steps below and use aseptic technique to administer hizentra . 1 clean surface thoroughly clean a table or other flat surface using an antiseptic wipe . 2 assemble supplies place hizentra and other supplies and equipment needed for the infusion on a clean , flat surface . 3 thoroughly wash and dry hands 4 check vials visually inspect hizentra for particles in the solution or discoloration as well as expiry date before administering hizentra . do not use solutions that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use solutions that have been frozen . administer solution which is at room or body temperature . once a vial has been opened , use the solution immediately . 5 preparation of hizentra for infusion clean the vial stopper remove the protective cap from the vial to expose the central portion of the rubber stopper . clean the stopper with an alcohol wipe or antiseptic preparation and allow it to dry . transfer hizentra to syringe for infusion attach a transfer device or needle to a sterile syringe , using aseptic technique . if using a transfer device ( vented spike ), follow the instructions provided by the device manufacturer . if using a needle , pull back on the plunger to draw air into the syringe that is comparable to the amount of hizentra to be withdrawn . then , insert the needle into the center of the vial stopper and , to avoid foaming , inject air into headspace of the vial ( not into the liquid ). finally , withdraw the desired volume of hizentra . when using multiple vials to achieve the desired dose , repeat this step . 6 prepare the tubing attach the administration tubing or needle set to the syringe . prime the tubing to eliminate all remaining air . 7 prepare infusion site ( s ) select the infusion site ( s ) the number and location of infusion sites depends on the volume of the total dose . each infusion site should be at least 5 cm apart . you may use an unlimited number of sites simultaneously . clean the infusion site ( s ) using an antiseptic skin preparation , allow each site to dry before proceeding . 8 insert the needle grasp the skin between 2 fingers and insert the needle into the subcutaneous tissue . secure the needle to the skin if necessary , use gauze and tape or transparent dressing to hold the needle in place . 9 infuse hizentra start infusion . if using an infusion pump , follow the manufacturer ' s instructions . record the infusion record the following data in your treatment diary : the date of administration , the batch number of the medicine , and the infused volume , flow rate , the number and location of infusion sites . clean up discard any unused product and all used administration supplies after administration in accordance with local requirements . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask your doctor or healthcare professional . if you use more hizentra than you should if you think you have had too much hizentra , speak to your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use hizentra if you think you have missed a dose , speak to your doctor as soon as possible .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will start you on a diet and exercise programme . stay on this programme while you are using saxenda . how much to inject your treatment will start at a low dose which will be gradually increased over the first five weeks of treatment . when you first start using saxenda , the starting dose is 0 . 6 mg once a day , for at least one week . you doctor will instruct you to gradually increase your dose by 0 . 6 mg usually each week until you reach the recommended dose of 3 . 0 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you how much saxenda to use each week . usually , you will be told to follow the table below . week dose injected week 1 0 . 6 mg once a day week 2 1 . 2 mg once a day week 3 1 . 8 mg once a day week 4 2 . 4 mg once a day week 5 onwards 3 . 0 mg once a day 32 once you reach the recommended dose of 3 . 0 mg in week 5 of treatment , keep using this dose until your treatment period ends . do not increase your dose further . your doctor will assess your treatment on a regular basis . how and when to use saxenda before you use the pen for the first time , your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the pen . you can use saxenda at any time of the day , with or without food and drink . use saxenda at about the same time each day choose a time of the day that works best for you . where to inject saxenda is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). the best places to inject are the front of your waist ( abdomen ), the front of your thighs or your upper arm . do not inject into a vein or muscle . detailed instructions for use are provided on the other side of this leaflet . people with diabetes tell your doctor if you have diabetes . your doctor may adjust the dose of your diabetes medicines to prevent you from getting low blood sugar . do not mix saxenda up with other medicines that you inject ( e . g . insulins ). do not use saxenda in combination with other medicines that contain glp - 1 receptor agonists ( such as exenatide or lixisenatide ). if you use more saxenda than you should if you use more saxenda than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . you may need medical treatment . the following effects may happen : feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ). if you forget to use saxenda if you forget a dose and remember it within 12 hours from when you usually use the dose , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if more than 12 hours have passed since you should have used saxenda , skip the missed dose and inject your next dose the following day at the usual time . do not use a double dose or increase the dose on the following day to make up for the missed dose . if you stop using saxenda do not stop using saxenda without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
in adults ( 18 years of age and older ), the recommended dose of ivemend is 150 mg fosaprepitant on day 1 ( day of chemotherapy ). in children and adolescents ( 6 months to 17 years of age ), the recommended dose of ivemend is based on the patient ' s age and weight . depending on the chemotherapy treatment , there are two ways ivemend may be given : ivemend is given only on day 1 ( single day of chemotherapy ) ivemend is given on day 1 , 2 , and 3 ( single or multiple days of chemotherapy ) o oral formulations of aprepitant may be prescribed on days 2 and 3 instead of ivemend . the powder is reconstituted and diluted before use . the solution for infusion is given to you by a health care professional , such as a doctor or nurse , via an intravenous infusion ( a drip ) approximately 30 minutes before you start the chemotherapy treatment in adults or 60 90 minutes before you start the chemotherapy treatment in children and adolescents . your doctor may ask you to take other medicines including a corticosteroid ( such as dexamethasone ) and a ' 5ht3 antagonist ' ( such as ondansetron ) for preventing nausea and vomiting . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure .
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with them if you are not sure . they will have told you exactly how much lyumjev to use , when to use it , and how often . they will also tell you how often to visit your diabetes clinic . you should always have spare insulin and another injection device in case you need them . if you are blind or visually impaired you will need help from someone to make your injections . your doctor may tell you to use lyumjev as well as a longer - or intermediate - acting insulin . inject them separately . lyumjev should not be mixed with any other insulin . when to inject lyumjev lyumjev is a mealtime insulin . you should use lyumjev when you start to eat , or a minute or two before the meal ; you also have the option to inject up to 20 minutes after starting the meal . how much insulin to use your doctor will work out your dose based on your blood sugar and body weight and explain how much lyumjev you need at each meal . how and when to check your blood sugar level . how to change your insulin dose depending on your blood sugar levels . what to do if you change your diet , or change how much you exercise , if you are ill or if you are using other medicines . if you change the type of insulin you use , you may have to take more or less than before . this might just be for the first injection or it may be a gradual change over several weeks or months . do not use lyumjev if it does not look like water . lyumjev must be clear , have no colour and no solid pieces in it . check each time you inject yourself . if lyumjev has not been stored correctly ( see section 5 " how to store lyumjev "). if the plastic cap of the vial is damaged , do not use . where to inject lyumjev inject lyumjev under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). do not inject yourself directly into a vein . only your physician can administer lyumjev by the intravenous use . he will only do this under special circumstances such as surgery or if you are ill and your sugar levels are too high . make sure you inject at least 1 cm from the last injection and that you ' rotate ' the places you inject ( upper arm , thigh , buttocks or abdomen ), as you have been taught . if you need to inject another insulin at the same time as lyumjev , use a different injection site . how to inject lyumjev from a vial first wash your hands . before you make an injection , clean your skin as you have been instructed . clean the rubber stopper on the vial , but do not remove the stopper . use a new , sterile syringe and needle to pierce the rubber stopper and draw in the amount of lyumjev you want . your doctor , nurse or clinic will tell you how to do this . do not share your needles and syringes . inject under the skin , as you were taught . after your injection , leave the needle in the skin for 5 seconds to make sure you receive the full dose . using lyumjev in an insulin pump only certain insulin infusion pumps may be used to infuse lyumjev . carefully follow the instructions supplied with your infusion pump . be sure to use the correct reservoir and catheter for your pump . it is important to use the correct needle length on the filling system to avoid damaging the pump . change the infusion set ( tubing and needle ) according to the instructions supplied with the infusion set . if repeated or severe low blood sugar levels occur , tell your doctor or nurse . a pump malfunction or obstruction of the infusion set can result in a rapid rise in sugar levels . if you think lyumjev is not flowing , follow the pump instructions and if appropriate , notify your doctor or nurse . you may need to take an injection of lyumjev if your pump does not work properly . if you take more lyumjev than you need if you inject too much lyumjev , a low blood sugar may occur . check your blood sugar . if your blood sugar is low ( hypoglycaemia ) and you can treat yourself , eat glucose tablets , sugar or drink a sugary drink . then eat fruit , biscuits , or a sandwich , as your doctor or nurse has advised you and have some rest . this will often get you over a low blood sugar or a minor insulin overdose . check your blood sugar again after 15 - 20 mins until blood sugar is stabilised . if you are unable to treat yourself ( severe hypoglycaemia ) because you feel too dizzy , weak , confused , have difficulty talking , lose consciousness or have a seizure you may need to be treated with glucagon . this can be given by someone who knows how to use it . eat glucose or sugar after the glucagon . if glucagon does not work , you will have to go to hospital or call emergency services . ask your doctor to tell you about glucagon . tell everyone you spend time with that you have diabetes . tell them what could happen if your blood sugar gets too low , including the risk of passing out . let them know that if you pass out , they must : turn you on your side to avoid choking , get medical help straight away and not give you any food or drink because you may choke . if you forget to use lyumjev if you forget to use your insulin or you take less than you need , your blood sugar may get too high ( hyperglycaemia ). check your blood sugar level to decide if an insulin dose is needed . resume your usual dosing schedule at your next meal . if you stop using lyumjev do not stop or change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . if you take less lyumjev than you need , a high blood sugar may occur . if high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) is not treated it can be very serious and cause headaches , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , dehydration , unconsciousness , coma or even death ( see section 4 ). three simple steps to reduce your risk of hypoglycaemia or hyperglycaemia are : always keep spare syringes and a spare vial of lyumjev . always carry something to show you are diabetic . always carry sugar with you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse .
general information about taking this medicine : always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of ribavirin mylan based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose and duration of ribavirin mylan depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . use in children and adolescents dosing for children above 3 years of age and adolescents depends on how much the person weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the recommended dose of ribavirin mylan combined with interferon alfa - 2b or peginterferon alfa - 2b , is shown in the below table . ribavirin mylan dose based on body weight when used in combination with interferon alfa - 2b or peginterferon alfa - 2b in children above 3 years of age and adolescents if the child / adolescent weighs ( kg ) usual daily ribavirin mylan dose number of 200 mg capsules 47 49 600 mg 1 capsule in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening 50 65 800 mg 2 capsules in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening > 65 see adult dose 49 take your prescribed dose by mouth with water and during your meal . do not chew the hard capsules . for children or adolescents who cannot swallow a hard capsule , an oral solution of ribavirin is available . reminder : this medicine is used in combination with interferon alfa - 2b for hepatitis c virus infection . for complete information be sure to read the " how to use " section of the package leaflet for interferon alfa - 2b . interferon medicine that is used in combination with ribavirin mylan may cause unusual tiredness ; if you are injecting this medicine yourself or giving it to a child , use it at bedtime . if you take more ribavirin mylan than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take ribavirin mylan take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacists .
adakveo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . if you have any questions about how adakveo is given , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the infusion . your doctor will tell you when you will have your infusions and follow - up appointments . how much adakveo you will be given the recommended dose is 5 mg per kilogram of body weight . you will be given the first infusion at week 0 and the second infusion two weeks later ( week 2 ). after that you will be given an infusion every 4 weeks . how the infusion is given adakveo is administered into a vein ( intravenously ) as an infusion lasting 30 minutes . adakveo can be given alone or with hydroxyurea / hydroxycarbamide . how long adakveo treatment lasts you should discuss with your doctor how long you will need to receive treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you forget a adakveo infusion it is very important that you receive all your infusions . if you miss an appointment for an infusion , contact your doctor as soon as possible to reschedule . if you stop adakveo treatment do not stop adakveo treatment unless your doctor tells you that you can . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of ecansya is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 1 . 7 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . your doctor will tell you what dose you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may want you to take a combination of 150 mg , 300 mg and 500 mg tablets for each dose . - take the tablets morning and evening as prescribed by your doctor . - take the tablets within 30 minutes after the end of a meal ( breakfast and dinner ) and swallow whole with water . do not crush or cut tablets . if you cannot swallow ecansya tablets whole , tell your healthcare provider . - it is important that you take all your medicine as prescribed by your doctor . ecansya tablets are usually taken for 14 days followed by a 7 day rest period ( when no tablets are taken ). this 21 day period is one treatment cycle . in combination with other medicines the usual dose for adults may be less than 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area , and you may need to take the tablets over a different time period ( e . g . every day , with no rest period ). if you take more ecansya than you should if you take more ecansya than you should , contact your doctor as soon as possible before taking the next dose . you might get the following side effects if you take a lot more capecitabine than you should : feeling or being sick , diarrhoea , inflammation or ulceration of the gut or mouth , pain or bleeding from the intestine or stomach , or bone marrow depression ( reduction in certain kinds of blood cells ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . if you forget to take ecansya 46 do not take the missed dose at all . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . instead , continue your regular dosing schedule and check with your doctor . if you stop taking ecansya there are no side - effects caused by stopping treatment with capecitabine . in case you are using coumarin anticoagulants ( containing e . g . phenprocoumon ), stopping capecitabine might require that your doctor adjusts your anticoagulant dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin mylan is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you to take pregabalin mylan either twice or three times a day . for twice a day take pregabalin mylan once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . for three times a day take pregabalin mylan once in the morning , once in the afternoon and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an older patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin mylan than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin mylan capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin mylan than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin mylan it is important to take your pregabalin mylan capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin mylan do not stop taking pregabalin mylan unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term pregabalin mylan treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , headache , nausea , feeling anxious , diarrhoea , flulike symptoms , convulsions , nervousness , depression , pain , sweating , and dizziness . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking pregabalin mylan for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
phesgo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse in a hospital or clinic as an injection under your skin ( subcutaneous injection ). injections will be given every three weeks . you will get the injection first in one thigh and then in the other . you will keep getting the injection in one thigh then the other . your doctor or nurse will make sure that each injection is given in a new place ( at least 2 . 5 cm away from any previous place of injection ), and where the skin is not red , bruised , tender or hard . different places for injection should be used for other medicines . start of the treatment ( loading dose ) phesgo 1200 mg / 600 mg will be given under your skin over 8 minutes . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your injection and for 30 minutes afterwards . you will also be given chemotherapy 53 subsequent injections ( maintenance doses ), which will be given if the first injection have not caused severe side effects : phesgo 600 mg / 600 mg will be given under your skin over 5 minutes . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your injection and for 15 minutes afterwards . you will also be given chemotherapy , depending on the doctor ' s prescription . the number of injections you will be given depends on : how you respond to treatment whether you are having treatment before surgery or after surgery or for disease which has spread . for further information on loading and maintenance dose see section 6 . for further information on dosing of chemotherapy ( which can cause side effects as well ), please read the package leaflet for these medicines . if you have questions about them , please ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to have phesgo if you miss your appointment to have phesgo make another appointment as soon as possible . depending on how much time passed between the two visits , your doctor will decide which strength of phesgo to give you . if you stop having phesgo do not stop your treatment with this medicine without talking to your doctor first . it is important that you are given the full course of injections at the right time every three weeks . this helps your medicine work as well as it can . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . scintimun will only be used in special controlled areas . this product will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of technetium ( 99mtc )- besilesomab to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult ranges from 400 to 800 mbq ( megabecquerel , the unit used to express radioactivity ). administration of scintimun and conduct of the procedure scintimun is administered intravenously . a single injection into a vein in your arm is sufficient to conduct the test your doctor needs . duration of the procedure your nuclear medicine doctor will inform you about the usual duration of the procedure . after administration of scintimun because you could emit radiation especially harmful to young children during the first 12 hours after the injection , you should avoid close contact with young children and pregnant women during this period of time . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more scintimun than you should an overdose is unlikely because injection is prepared as a single dose by the hospital personnel , under strictly controlled conditions . however , in the case of an overdose , you will be asked to drink plenty of water and to take laxatives to increase the elimination of the product from your body . should you have any further questions on the use of scintimun , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for treatment of acute episodes is two 1 mg orodispersible tablets ( 2 mg budesonide ) per day . take one 1 mg orodispersible tablet in the morning and one 1 mg orodispersible tablet in the evening . the recommended dose for prevention of further episodes is two 0 . 5 mg orodispersible tablets ( 1 mg budesonide ) per day or two 1 mg orodispersible tablets ( 2 mg budesonide ) per day , depending on your body ' s response to the treatment . take one orodispersible tablet in the morning and one orodispersible tablet in the evening . method of administration take the orodispersible tablet immediately once removed from the blister package . take the orodispersible tablet after a meal . place the orodispersible tablet on the tip of your tongue and close your mouth . press it gently against the roof of your mouth with your tongue until it has dissolved completely ( this usually takes at least two minutes but may take up to 20 minutes ). swallow the dissolved material with saliva little by little , as the orodispersible tablet breaks up . do not take any liquid with the orodispersible tablet . do not chew or swallow the undissolved orodispersible tablet . do not eat , drink , brush your teeth or rinse your mouth for at least 30 minutes after you have taken the orodispersible tablet . do not use any oral solutions , sprays or chewable tablets for at least 30 minutes before or after administration of the orodispersible tablet . this will ensure that your medicine works properly . kidney and liver problems if you have any problem with your kidney or liver , talk to your doctor . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will decide if jorveza is suitable for you . in case your kidney problems are severe , you should not take jorveza . if you have any liver disease , you should not take jorveza . duration of treatment initially , your treatment should last about 6 to 12 weeks . after treatment of the acute episode , your doctor will decide how long and with which dose you are to continue the treatment , depending on your condition and your response to the treatment . if you take more jorveza than you should if you have taken too many orodispersible tablets on one occasion , take your next dose as prescribed . do not take a smaller amount . contact a doctor if you are in doubt . take the carton and this leaflet with you if possible . if you forget to take jorveza if you miss a dose , just take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking jorveza speak to your doctor if you want to interrupt or end your treatment early . it is important that you do not stop taking your medicine without talking to your doctor . keep taking your medicine until your doctor tells you to stop , even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is one application once a day for a maximum of 20 weeks . before using regranex wash your hands thoroughly . do this before you apply regranex your ulcer should be cleaned with salt solution or water . this is important to ensure the ulcer heals as quickly and completely as possible , and to remove any regranex gel from the previous application . applying regranex apply regranex gel once a day using a clean cotton swab or wooden spatula . apply a thin layer of regranex gel to the entire wound area . you can obtain wooden spatulas from your pharmacist cover the ulcer with a moist saline ( salt ) gauze dressing . the dressing should be changed at least once a day to keep the wound moist . further information only apply regranex to the wound area . avoid contact with any other area of the body do not touch the wound with the tip of the tube do not use air - or water - tight ( occlusive ) dressings on the wound . if you are unsure , check with your doctor or pharmacist 15 do not apply pressure or walk on the ulcer during treatment . follow your doctor ' s advice to relieve pressure from your ulcer . your doctor will monitor the progress of your treatment . contact your doctor immediately if you notice signs of infection of the ulcer ( redness , swelling , fever , pain , or odour ). you should stop using it until the infection has cleared . when to stop using regranex regranex should not be used continuously for more than 20 weeks . if there is no sign of healing after the first ten weeks of treatment , contact your doctor . your doctor will decide whether you should continue to use regranex . if your ulcer heals and then returns , do not use regranex again without first checking with your doctor . if you use too much regranex if you apply too much regranex , it is unlikely to do you any harm . always try to follow the instructions for use exactly . if you forget to use regranex apply the next dose as soon as possible . if it is almost time for the next application , forget about the missed dose and continue as normal do not apply a double amount to make up for a missed dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take clopidogrel 1a pharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel 1a pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a pharma do not stop the treatment . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will give you instructions for proper dosing . - the dose for adults is 600 mg once daily . - the dose for efavirenz teva may need to be increased or decreased if you are also taking certain medicines ( see other medicines and efavirenz teva ). - efavirenz teva is for oral use . it is recommended to be taken on an empty stomach preferably at bedtime . this may make some side effects ( for example , dizziness , drowsiness ) less troublesome . an empty stomach is commonly defined as 1 hour before or 2 hours after a meal . - it is recommended that the tablet be swallowed whole with water . - efavirenz teva must be taken every day . - efavirenz teva should never be used alone to treat hiv . it must always be taken in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . use in children and adolescents - efavirenz teva film - coated tablets are not suitable for children weighing less than 40 kg . - the dose for children weighing 40 kg or more is 600 mg once daily . if you take more efavirenz teva than you should if you take too much efavirenz teva , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department for advice . keep the medicine container with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take efavirenz teva try not to miss a dose . if you do miss a dose , take the next dose as soon as possible , but do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you need help in planning the best times to take your medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking efavirenz teva when your efavirenz teva supply starts to run low , get more from your doctor or pharmacist . this is very important because the amount of virus may start to increase if the medicine is stopped for even a short time . the virus may then become harder to treat . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . taking this medicine the recommended dose is 200 mg ( 1 capsule ) a day . do not eat for 2 hours before taking odomzo and for 1 hour afterwards . take your capsule at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . swallow the capsule whole . do not open , chew or crush the capsule . any contact with the content of the capsules should be avoided , as it may have harmful effects . do not change your dose without talking to your doctor . do not exceed the recommended dose prescribed by your doctor . if you vomit after you swallow the capsule , do not take any more capsules until your next scheduled dose . how long to take odomzo keep taking odomzo for as long as your doctor tells you . if you have questions about how long to take odomzo , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more odomzo than you should if you take more odomzo than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine and its packaging and leaflet with you . if you forget to take odomzo if you forget to take a dose of odomzo , take it as soon you realise . if more than six hours have passed since the dose was due to be taken , skip the missed dose , then take the next dose at the scheduled time . do not take 34 a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking odomzo do not stop taking odomzo without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is one 3 mg tablet once a day for one month . after one month , your doctor will increase your dose to 7 mg once a day . your doctor may increase your dose to 14 mg once a day if your blood sugar is not controlled well enough with a dose of 7 mg once a day . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you so . it is not recommended to take two 7 mg tablets to get the effect of one 14 mg tablet , as this has not been studied . taking this medicine take your rybelsus tablet on an empty stomach at any time of the day . swallow your rybelsus tablet whole with a sip of water ( up to 120 ml ). do not split , crush or chew the tablet , as it is not known if it affects absorption of semaglutide . after taking your rybelsus tablet wait at least 30 minutes before having your first meal or drink of the day or taking other oral medicines . waiting less than 30 minutes lowers the absorption of semaglutide . if you take more rybelsus than you should if you take more rybelsus than you should , talk to your doctor straight away . you may get side effects such as feeling sick ( nausea ). if you forget to take rybelsus if you forget to take a dose , skip the missed dose and just take your normal dose the next day . if you stop taking rybelsus do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you stop using it , your blood sugar levels may increase . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take fosavance exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take one fosavance tablet once a week . follow these instructions carefully . 1 ) choose the day of the week that best fits your schedule . every week , take one fosavance tablet on your chosen day . it is very important to follow instructions 2 ), 3 ), 4 ) and 5 ) to help the fosavance tablet reach your stomach quickly and help reduce the chance of irritating your gullet ( oesophagus - the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ). 2 ) after getting up for the day and before taking any food , drink , or other medicine , swallow your fosavance tablet whole with a full glass of water only ( not mineral water ) ( not less than 200 ml ), so that fosavance is adequately absorbed . do not take with mineral water ( still or sparkling ). do not take with coffee or tea . do not take with juice or milk . do not crush or chew the tablet or allow it to dissolve in your mouth because of the possibility of mouth ulceration . 3 ) do not lie down — stay fully upright ( sitting , standing or walking ) — for at least 30 minutes after swallowing the tablet . do not lie down until after your first food of the day . 4 ) do not take fosavance at bedtime or before getting up for the day . 5 ) if you develop difficulty or pain upon swallowing , chest pain , or new or worsening heartburn , stop taking fosavance and contact your doctor . 6 ) after swallowing your fosavance tablet , wait at least 30 minutes before taking your first food , drink , or other medicine of the day , including antacids , calcium supplements and vitamins . fosavance is effective only if taken when your stomach is empty . if you take more fosavance than you should if you take too many tablets by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor immediately . do not make yourself vomit , and do not lie down . if you forget to take fosavance if you miss a dose , just take one tablet on the morning after you remember . do not take two tablets on the same day . return to taking one tablet once a week , as originally scheduled on your chosen day . if you stop taking fosavance it is important that you take fosavance for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . since it is not known how long you should take fosavance , you should discuss the need to stay on this medicine with your doctor periodically to determine if fosavance is still right for you . an instruction card is included in the carton for fosavance . it contains important information reminding you how to take fosavance properly . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : - take cayston 3 times a day in repeated cycles of 28 days on therapy followed by 28 days off cayston therapy . each of the three doses should be taken by inhalation at least four hours apart , using an altera nebuliser handset . you can use either an ebase controller or an eflow rapid control unit with the altera handset . - each dose consists of one vial of cayston mixed with one ampoule of solvent . cayston needs to be mixed with a solvent before being inhaled through the altera nebuliser . put the prepared cayston solution in the altera nebuliser handset ( see below ). each treatment takes about 2 to 3 minutes to inhale . use a bronchodilator before each dose of cayston . short acting bronchodilators can be taken between 15 minutes and 4 hours and long acting bronchodilators can be taken between 30 minutes and 12 hours prior to each dose of cayston . if you are using other inhaled therapies to treat cystic fibrosis , the recommended order of use is as follows : 1 . bronchodilator 2 . mucolytics ( a medicine that helps to dissolve the thick mucous produced in the lungs ) and finally : 3 . cayston . do not mix cayston with any other medicines in the altera nebuliser handset . - do not put other medicines in the altera nebuliser handset . - do not put the intravenous ( injectable ) form of aztreonam in the altera nebuliser handset . intravenous aztreonam is not suitable for inhalation . how to take cayston using the altera nebuliser handset you will need the following : one amber - coloured vial of cayston with a blue cap . one plastic ampoule of solvent ( 0 . 17 % w / v sodium chloride ). the information that appears on the solvent ampoule is provided in english only ( see section 6 ). an altera nebuliser handset containing an altera aerosol head connected to an eflow control unit of the type 178 ( eflow rapid ) or type 678 ( ebase controller ). you must use the cayston specific altera nebuliser handset containing an altera aerosol head . do not try to take cayston using any other type of nebuliser handset ( including the eflow rapid handset ). check that your nebuliser works properly before starting your treatment with cayston . read the manufacturer ' s instructions for use provided with your altera nebuliser system carefully . preparing your cayston for inhalation - do not prepare cayston until you are ready to administer a dose . - do not use cayston if you notice that the package has been tampered with . - do not use cayston if it has been stored outside a refrigerator for more than 28 days . - do not use the solvent or prepared cayston if it is cloudy or if there are particles in the solution . 1 . take one amber vial of cayston and one ampoule of solvent from the box . solvent ampoules must be separated by gently pulling them apart . 2 . gently tap the amber vial containing the cayston so that the powder settles at the bottom . this helps to ensure that you get the proper dose of medicine . 3 . follow step a to d in figure 1 below to open the amber vial : step a : with the blue cap tab facing toward you , place the vial on a flat surface . using one hand to hold the vial steady , use the other hand to slowly flip up the blue cap . step b : pull the blue cap down to a flat ( horizontal ) position ( where the bottom of the blue cap faces up ), to prepare the metal seal for removal . do not completely tear through the metal seal . step c : while continuing to hold the vial steady with one hand , use the other hand to slowly pull the blue cap in a counterclockwise direction . do not twist the blue cap . step d : when the metal seal opens , continue to slowly pull on the blue cap in a counterclockwise direction until the metal seal is completely removed . figure 1 4 . safely dispose of the metal seal . carefully remove ( but do not yet discard ) the rubber stopper . 5 . open the ampoule of solvent by twisting off the tip . squeeze out the contents completely into the vial ( figure 2 ). next , gently swirl the vial until the powder has completely dissolved and the liquid is clear . it ' s best to use cayston immediately after you have made up the solution . but , if you cannot use the prepared dose straight away , replace the stopper in the vial and store in a refrigerator . use the prepared solution within 8 hours . figure 2 preparing the altera nebuliser to take your cayston 1 . make sure the altera nebuliser handset is on a flat , stable surface . 2 . remove the medicine cap by twisting anticlockwise . 3 . pour all of the prepared cayston from the vial into the altera nebuliser handset medicine reservoir ( figure 3a ). be sure to completely empty the vial . gently tap the vial against the side of the medicine reservoir if necessary . 4 . close the medicine reservoir by aligning the tabs of the medicine cap with the slots on the reservoir . press down and turn the cap clockwise as far as it will go ( figure 3b ). using the altera nebuliser to take your cayston 1 . begin your treatment . sit in a relaxed , upright position . hold the handset level and place the mouthpiece in your mouth and close your lips around it ( figure 4 ). keep the handset level . 2 . press and hold the on / off button on the control unit for a few seconds . you will hear one " beep " and the status light will turn green . 3 . after a few seconds , an aerosol mist will begin to flow into the aerosol chamber of the altera nebuliser handset . if aerosol mist does not begin to flow , please refer to the altera manual for information . 4 . breathe normally ( inhale and exhale ) through the mouthpiece . avoid breathing through your nose . continue to inhale and exhale comfortably until the treatment is finished . 5 . when all of the medicine has been delivered , you will hear a tone that means " treatment complete " ( 2 beeps ). figure 4 figure 3a figure 3b 36 6 . when treatment is complete , open the medicine cap to ensure that all medicine has been used . a few drops of medicine may remain in the reservoir at the end of treatment . if there is more than a few drops of liquid left , replace the medicine cap and restart treatment . 7 . once treatment is complete , disconnect the control unit and take apart the altera nebuliser handset for cleaning and disinfecting . for complete details on cleaning and disinfecting refer to the manufacturer ' s instructions for use provided with your altera nebuliser handset . what if i need to stop my treatment before i ' ve finished ? 8 . if for any reason you must stop the treatment before you have finished , press and hold the on / off button for one full second . to re - start the treatment , press and hold the on / off button for one full second and then restart the treatment . replacing the altera nebuliser handset the altera nebuliser handset is designed to last for three 28 - day courses of cayston when used as directed . after this time replace your altera nebuliser handset , including the aerosol head . if you notice that the performance has changed before this time ( for instance , if it takes longer to produce a mist , more than 5 minutes ), please refer to the altera nebuliser instructions for use . if you take more cayston than you should if you have taken more cayston than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take cayston if you miss a dose , you can still take all 3 daily doses as long as they are at least 4 hours apart . if you can ' t leave a gap of 4 hours just skip the missed dose . if you stop taking cayston do not stop taking cayston without first talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 3 tablets ( a total of 60 mg ) once a day . ∑ take the tablets every day for 21 days ( called a " treatment period "). ∑ after the 21 days , do not take any cotellic tablets for 7 days . during this 7 day break in cotellic treatment , you should keep taking vemurafenib as told by your doctor . ∑ start your next cotellic 21 day treatment period after the 7 day break . ∑ if you get side effects , your doctor may decide to lower your dose , stop treatment temporarily or permanently . always take cotellic exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . taking the medicine ∑ swallow the tablets whole with water . ∑ cotellic can be taken with or without food . if you are sick if you are sick ( vomit ) after taking cotellic , do not take an extra dose of cotellic on that day . continue to take cotellic as normal , the next day . if you take more cotellic than you should if you take more cotellic than you should , talk to a doctor straight away . take the medicine package 34 and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take cotellic ∑ if it is more than 12 hours before your next dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember . ∑ if it is less than 12 hours before your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . ∑ do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you stop taking cotellic it is important to keep taking cotellic for as long as your doctor prescribes it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel krka d . d . per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel krka d . d . ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel krka d . d . per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel krka d . d . for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel krka d . d . than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel krka d . d . if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel krka d . d ., but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel krka d . d . do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment should only be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the treatment of cteph or pah . during the first weeks of treatment your doctor will need to measure your blood pressure at regular intervals . adempas is available in different strengths and by checking your blood pressure regularly at the beginning of your treatment , your doctor will ensure that you are taking the appropriate dose . crushed tablets : if you have difficulty swallowing the whole tablet , talk to your doctor about other ways to take adempas . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or a soft food , such as apple sauce , immediately before you take it . dose the recommended starting dose is a 1 - mg tablet taken 3 times a day for 2 weeks . the tablets should be taken 3 times a day , approximately 6 to 8 hours apart . they can generally be taken with or without food . however , if you are prone to having low blood pressure ( hypotension ), you should not switch from taking adempas with food to taking adempas without food because it may affect how you react to this medicine . your doctor will increase the dose every 2 weeks to a maximum of 2 . 5 mg 3 times a day ( maximum daily dose of 7 . 5 mg ) unless you experience any side effects or very low blood pressure . in this case , your doctor will prescribe you adempas at the highest dose you are comfortable on . for some patients lower doses three times a day might be sufficient , the optimal dose will be selected by your doctor . special considerations for patients with kidney or liver problems you should tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems . your dose may need to be adjusted . if you have severe liver problems ( child pugh c ), do not take adempas . years or older if you are 65 years or older your doctor will take extra care in adjusting your dose of adempas , because you may be at greater risk of low blood pressure . special considerations for patients who smoke you should tell your doctor if you start or stop smoking during treatment with this medicine . your dose may be adjusted . if you take more adempas than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should and experience any side effects ( see section 4 ), please contact your doctor . if your blood pressure drops ( which can make you feel dizzy ) then you may need immediate medical attention . if you forget to take adempas do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss a dose , continue with the next dose as planned . if you stop taking adempas do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first , because this medicine prevents the progression of the disease . if your treatment has to be stopped for 3 days or more , please tell your doctor before restarting your treatment . if you are transitioning between sildenafil or tadalafil and adempas if you are stopping sildenafil , you must wait at least 24 hours before you take adempas . if you are stopping tadalafil , you must wait at least 48 hours before you take adempas . if you are stopping adempas to change to another medicine called a pde5 inihibitor ( e . g . sildenafil or tadalafil ) you must wait at least 24 hours from your last dose of adempas before you take the pde5 inhibitor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
mabcampath is administered into one of your veins via a drip ( see also ' information intended for medical or healthcare professionals '). each time you are given mabcampath , it will take about 2 hours for all the solution to enter your blood . mabcampath treatment may continue for up to 12 weeks depending on your progress . during the first week , your doctor will increase the dose of mabcampath slowly to reduce the possibility of you having side effects and to allow your body to tolerate mabcampath better . if you experience early side effects the initial smaller doses may be repeated until the effects go away or reduce . the doctor will carefully monitor you and decide what are the appropriate amounts of mabcampath to give you during your whole treatment period . if more mabcampath is given than recommended your doctor will treat you , as appropriate , if you have any side effects .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you are blind or have poor eyesight and cannot read the dose counter on the pen , do not use this pen without help . get help from a person with good eyesight who is trained to use the flextouch pre - filled pen . tresiba in a pre - filled pen is available in two strengths . " tresiba 100 units / ml " or " tresiba 200 units / ml " is clearly marked on the pen label and packaging . in addition , tresiba 100 units / ml packaging and label are light green , and tresiba 200 units / ml packaging and label are dark green with striping with a red box highlighting the formulation strength . for both strengths , the needed dose is dialled in units . the dose steps , however , differ between the two strengths of tresiba . the pre - filled pen 100 units / ml can provide a dose of 180 units in one injection in steps of 1 unit . the dose counter of the pre - filled pen shows the number of units of insulin to be injected . do not make any dose re - calculation . your doctor will decide together with you : how much tresiba you will need each day when to check your blood sugar level and if you need a higher or lower dose . flexibility in dosing time always follow your doctor ' s recommendation for dose . use tresiba once each day , preferably at the same time every day . on occasions when it is not possible to take tresiba at the same time of the day , it can be taken at a different time of day . make sure to have a minimum of 8 hours between the doses . there is no experience with flexibility in dosing time of tresiba in children and adolescents . if you want to change your usual diet , check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse first as a change in diet may alter your need for insulin . based on your blood sugar level , your doctor may change your dose . when using other medicines , ask your doctor if your treatment needs to be adjusted . use in elderly (≥ 65 years old ) tresiba can be used in elderly , but if you are elderly , you may need to check your blood sugar level more often . talk to your doctor about changes in your dose . if you have kidney or liver problems if you have kidney or liver problems , you may need to check your blood sugar level more often . talk to your doctor about changes in your dose . injecting your medicine before you use tresiba for the first time , your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the pre - filled pen . check the name and strength on the label of the pen to make sure it is tresiba 100 units / ml . do not use tresiba in insulin infusion pumps . if the pen is damaged or has not been stored correctly ( see section 5 ). if the insulin does not appear clear and colourless . how to inject tresiba is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). do not inject it into a vein or muscle . the best places to inject are the front of your thighs , upper arms or the front of your waist ( abdomen ). change the place within the area where you inject each day to reduce the risk of developing lumps and skin pitting ( see section 4 ). always use a new needle for each injection . re - use of needles may increase the risk of blocked needles leading to inaccurate dosing . dispose of the needle safely after each use . do not use a syringe to remove the solution from the pen to avoid dosing errors and potential overdose . detailed instructions for use are provided on the other side of this leaflet . if you use more tresiba than you should if you use too much insulin , your blood sugar may get too low ( hypoglycaemia ), see advice in section 4 ' too low blood sugar '. if you forget to use tresiba if you forget a dose , inject the missed dose when discovering the mistake , ensuring a minimum of 8 hours between doses . if you discover that you missed your previous dose when it is time to take your next regular scheduled dose , do not inject a double dose , but resume your once - daily dosing schedule . if you stop using tresiba do not stop using your insulin without talking to your doctor . if you stop using your insulin , this could lead to a very high blood sugar level and ketoacidosis ( a condition with too much acid in the blood ), see advice in section 4 ' too high blood sugar '.
imfinzi will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of an experienced doctor . your doctor will give you imfinzi through an infusion ( drip ) into your vein for about 60 minutes , every 2 weeks . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . the recommended dose is 10 mg of durvalumab per kilogram of your body weight . if you miss an appointment to get imfinzi call your doctor straight away to reschedule your appointment . it is very important that you do not miss a dose of this medicine . if you have any further questions about your treatment , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule of 100 mg twice daily ( a total of 200 mg per day ). take the capsules twice daily approximately 12 hours apart at about the same time every day , for example one capsule in the morning and one capsule in the evening . this ensures that a steady amount of nintedanib is maintained in your blood stream . swallow the whole capsules with water and do not chew or crush the capsules . it is recommended that you take the capsules with food , i . e . during or immediately before or after a meal . do not take more than the recommended dose of two ofev 100 mg capsules per day . if you do not tolerate the recommended dose of two ofev 100 mg capsules per day ( see possible side effects in section 4 ) your doctor may advise you to stop taking this medicine . do not reduce the dose or stop the treatment by yourself without consulting your doctor first . if you take more ofev than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take ofev do not take two capsules together if you have forgotten to take your earlier dose . you should take your next 100 mg dose of ofev as planned at the next scheduled time recommended by your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking ofev do not stop taking ofev without consulting your doctor first . it is important to take this medicine every day , as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you must take renvela as prescribed by your doctor . they will base the dose on your serum phosphorus level . the recommended starting dose of renvela tablets for adults and elderly is one to two tablets of 800 mg with each meal , 3 times a day . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . take renvela after your meal or with food . the tablets must be swallowed whole . do not crush , chew or break into pieces . initially , your doctor will check the levels of phosphorus in your blood every 2 - 4 weeks and may adjust the dose of renvela when necessary to reach an adequate phosphate level . follow the diet prescribed by your doctor . if you take more renvela than you should in the event of a possible overdose you should contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take renvela if you have missed one dose , this dose should be omitted and the next dose should be taken at the usual time with a meal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking renvela taking your renvela treatment is important to maintain an appropriate phosphate level in your blood . stopping renvela would lead to important consequences such as calcification in the blood vessels . if you consider stopping your renvela treatment , contact your doctor or pharmacist first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take ipreziv exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . it is important to keep taking ipreziv every day . ipreziv is for oral use . take the tablet with plenty of water . you can take ipreziv with or without food . - the usual starting dose is 40 mg once a day . your doctor may increase this dose to a maximum of 80 mg once a day depending on blood pressure response . - for patients such as the very elderly ( 75 years and above ) your doctor may recommend a lower starting dose of 20 mg once a day . - if you suffer from mild or moderate liver disease your doctor may recommend a lower starting dose of 20 mg once a day . - for patients who recently have lost body fluids e . g . through vomiting or diarrhoea , or by taking water tablets , your doctor may recommend a lower starting dose of 20 mg once a day . - if you suffer from other coexisting illnesses such as severe kidney disease or heart failure your doctor will decide on the most appropriate starting dose . a reduction in your blood pressure will be measureable within 2 weeks of initiation of treatment and the full effect of your dose will be observed by 4 weeks . if you take more ipreziv than you should if you take too many tablets , or if someone else takes your medicine , contact your doctor immediately . you may feel faint or dizzy if you have taken more than you should . if you forget to take ipreziv do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take the next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking ipreziv if you stop taking ipreziv , your blood pressure may increase again . therefore do not stop taking ipreziv without first talking to your doctor about alternative treatment options . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose of toviaz is one 4 mg tablet a day . based on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may prescribe you a higher dose ; one 8 mg tablet a day . you should swallow your tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew the tablet . toviaz can be taken with or without food . to help you remember to take your medicine , you may find it easier to take it at the same time every day . if you take more toviaz than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact your doctor or hospital for advice immediately . show them your pack of tablets . if you forget to take toviaz if you forget to take a tablet , take your tablet as soon as you remember , but do not take more than one tablet in one day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking toviaz do not stop taking toviaz without talking to your doctor , as your symptoms of overactive bladder may come back again or become worse once you stop taking toviaz . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zometa must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zometa is given the usual single dose given is 4 mg . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zometa is given if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zometa every three to four weeks . if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given one infusion of zometa . how zometa is given zometa is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 15 minutes and should be administered as a single intravenous solution in a separate infusion line . patients whose blood calcium levels are not too high will also be prescribed calcium and vitamin d supplements to be taken each day . if you are given more zometa than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because you may develop serum electrolyte abnormalities ( e . g . abnormal levels of calcium , phosphorus and magnesium ) and / or changes in kidney function , including severe kidney impairment . if your level of calcium falls too low , you may have to be given supplemental calcium by infusion .
cresemba will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . starting dose for the first two days ( 48 hours ) the recommended dose is one vial every 8 hours . usual dose after the first two days this is started 12 to 24 hours after your last starting dose . the recommended dose is one vial once a day . you will be given this dose until your doctor tells you otherwise . the duration of treatment with cresemba may be longer than 6 months if your doctor considers this necessary . the vial will be given as a drip into a vein by your doctor or nurse . if you use more cresemba than you should if you think you have been given too much cresemba , talk to your doctor or nurse straight away . you may have more side effects such as : - headache , feeling dizzy , restless or sleepy , - tingling , reduced sense of touch or sensation in the mouth , - problems being aware of things , hot flushes , anxiety , joint pain , - changes in the way things taste , dry mouth , diarrhoea , vomiting , - feeling your heart beat , faster heart rate , being more sensitive to light . if you forget to use cresemba as you will be given this medicine under close medical supervision , it is unlikely that a dose would be missed . however , tell your doctor or nurse if you think that a dose has been forgotten . if you stop using cresemba 54 cresemba treatment will continue for as long as your doctor tells you . this is to make sure that the fungal infection has gone . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much is given your child will have a total of two or three injections with respectively at least 2 or 1 month ( s ) between each injection . you will be told by the doctor or nurse when your child should come back for their next injections . if additional injections ( boosters ) are necessary , the doctor will tell you . how the vaccine is given infanrix hexa will be given as an injection into a muscle . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . if your child misses a dose if your child misses an injection which is due , it is important that you make another appointment . make sure your child finishes the complete vaccination course . if not , your child may not be fully protected against the diseases .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . recommended dose the recommended dose is 1 drop in each eye , 4 times a day during waking hours . the recommended interval between each application is 4 hours ( for example , you can have your eye drops at 8 . 00 am , 12 . 00 am , 4 . 00 pm and 8 . 00 pm ). to avoid sticky eyes in the morning , it is recommended to apply the last drop of the day at least 30 minutes before going to bed . the dose may be gradually decreased ( to a minimum total daily dose of 1 drop in each eye ) by your doctor based on eye examinations . only use the drops in your eyes ( ocular use ). to use the eye drops , please follow the instructions below carefully . those instructions are also available as an animated movie on ' qr code to be included ' step 1 : before using a vial for the first time cystadrops must be brought back at room temperature before the first administration . it will facilitate the use of the drops . immediately before using a vial for the first time , write the date of opening in the space provided on the carton box . wash your hands carefully in order to avoid contamination by bacteria of the content in the vial . remove the green protective cap ( picture 1 ). remove the metal seal ( picture 2 ). remove the grey stopper ( picture 3 ) from the vial . do not touch the opening of the vial after removing the grey stopper . remove remove remove 19 take the dropper out of its sachet , without touching the end intended to be attached to the vial , and attach it ( picture 4 ) to the vial . do not remove the dropper from the vial . make sure that you do not lose the small white cap ( picture 5 ) that comes on the top of the dropper . step 2 : before using the eye drops check the opening date that you wrote down on the carton box . cystadrops can be used for up to 7 days from the time of opening . get the dropper bottle and a mirror . wash your hands . step 3 : using the eye drops hold the dropper bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and fingers . move firmly the dropper bottle up and down to facilitate the filing of the dropper . unscrew the small white cap from the dropper . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a " pocket " between the eyelid and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 6 ).  bring the dropper bottle tip close to the eye . use the mirror if it helps . metal seal vial green protective cap grey stopper vial vial dropper dropper small white cap turn and push to attach small white cap 20 do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the dropper to release one drop of cystadrops at a time . take special care not to touch the tip of the dropper with your fingers . after using cystadrops , press a finger into the corner of your eye by the nose ( picture 7 ), then gently massage your upper eyelid to spread the eye drops over the eye .  to avoid potential irritation , remove excess medicine around the eye with a moist tissue ( picture 8 ). repeat the step 3 for the other eye . replace the small white cap on the dropper immediately after use .  step 4 : storing the eye drops after use place the dropper bottle into the carton box . keep cystadrops at room temperature ( it will facilitate the use of the dropper ). discard 7 days after opening . if a drop misses your eye try again . if you use cystadrops with another eye medicine ensure that there is at least a 10 minute gap between using cystadrops and the other eye medicine . administer eye ointments last . if you wear soft contact lenses do not use the drops with your lenses in . after using the drops wait 15 minutes before putting your lenses back in . if you use more cystadrops than you should if you put too many drops in your eyes , rinse your eyes out , preferably with saline solution ( or if not available with warm water ). do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use cystadrops wait for your next scheduled application and then continue with your regular routine . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using cystadrops cystadrops must be used every day for the medicine to work properly . if you stop using cystadrops , cystine crystals accumulation in the eye ( cornea ) may increase and lead to increased sensitity to light 21 ( photophobia ), corneal deterioration ( keratopathy ) and loss of vision . therefore talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take eurartesim exactly as your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . you or your child should take this medicine on an empty stomach . you or your child should take each dose no less than 3 hours after the last food intake , and no food should be taken within 3 hours after each dose of eurartesim . you or your child can drink water at any time . if the tablets are difficult to swallow , you can crush and mix them with water ; drink the mixture immediately . a course of eurartesim lasts 3 consecutive days . take one dose on each day . you should try to take the dose at about the same time on each of the three days . the daily dose depends on the patient ' s body weight . your doctor should have prescribed a dose that is appropriate for your weight or your child ' s weight as follows : body weight ( kg ) daily dose ( mg ) total number of tablets for treatment 5 to less than 7 half 160 mg / 20 mg tablet a day 1 . 5 tablet 7 to less than 13 one 160 mg / 20 mg tablet a day 3 tablets 13 to less than 24 one 320 mg / 40 mg tablet a day 3 tablets 24 to less than 36 two 320 mg / 40 mg tablets a day 6 tablets 36 to less than 75 three 320 mg / 40 mg tablets a day 9 tablets > 75 four 320 mg / 40 mg tablets a day 12 tablets vomiting when taking this medicine if this happens within : 30 minutes of taking eurartesim , the whole dose must be taken again . 31 - 60 minutes , half the dose must be taken again . if you or your child vomit also the second dose , do not take or give your child another dose . contact your doctor urgently to obtain an alternative treatment for malaria . taking this medicine , if the malaria infection returns if you or your child gets another attack of malaria , you may take a second course of eurartesim within one year if your doctor thinks this is a suitable treatment . you or your child must not take more than two courses within one year . if this happens , talk to your doctor . you or your child should not take a second course of eurartesim within 2 months of the first course . if you or your child is infected more than twice in a year , your doctor will prescribe an alternative treatment . if you or your child takes more eurartesim tablets than you should if you or your child takes more than the recommended dose , tell your doctor . your doctor may suggest special monitoring for you or your child because doses higher than those recommended may have an unwanted , severe effect on the heart ( see also section 4 ). if you or your child forgets to take eurartesim if you or your child forgets to take the second dose of eurartesim at the right time , take it as soon as you remember . then take the third ( last ) dose approximately 24 hours after the second dose . if you or your child forgets to take the third ( last ) dose at the right time , take it as soon as you remember . never take more than one dose on the same day to make up for a missed dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you or your child stops taking eurartesim for the medicine to work effectively , you or your child should take the tablets as instructed and should complete the 3 days course of treatment . if you or your child is not able to do this , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take duloxetine boehringer ingelheim exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of duloxetine boehringer ingelheim is 1 capsule ( 60 mg ) once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . duloxetine boehringer ingelheim is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . to help you remember to take duloxetine boehringer ingelheim , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking duloxetine boehringer ingelheim . do not stop taking duloxetine boehringer ingelheim without talking to your doctor . if you take more duloxetine boehringer ingelheim than you should call your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the amount of duloxetine boehringer ingelheim prescribed by your doctor . if you forget to take duloxetine boehringer ingelheim if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take more than the daily amount of duloxetine boehringer ingelheim that has been prescribed for you in one day . if you stop taking duloxetine boehringer ingelheim do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if your doctor thinks that you no longer need duloxetine boehringer ingelheim he or she will ask you to reduce your dose over at least 2 weeks before stopping treatment altogether . some patients who stop taking duloxetine boehringer ingelheim suddenly have had symptoms such as : dizziness , tingling feelings like pins and needles , sleep disturbances ( vivid dreams , nightmares , inability to sleep ), feeling restless or agitated , feeling anxious , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), tremor ( shakiness ), headaches , feeling irritable , diarrhoea , excessive sweating or vertigo . these symptoms are usually not serious and disappear within a few days , but if you have symptoms that are troublesome you should ask your doctor for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
dose and when to take your insulin always use your insulin and adjust your dose exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . levemir can be used with meal - related rapid acting insulin medicines . in treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus , levemir may also be used in combination with tablets for diabetes and / or with injectable anti - diabetic products , other than insulin . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . your dose may have to be adjusted by your doctor if : your doctor has switched you from one type or brand of insulin to another , or your doctor has added another medicine for the treatment of diabetes , in addition to your levemir treatment . use in children and adolescents levemir can be used in adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . there is no experience with the use of levemir in children below the age of 1 year . use in special patient groups if you have reduced kidney or liver function , or if you are above 65 years of age , you need to check your blood sugar more regularly and discuss changes in your insulin dose with your doctor . how often to inject when levemir is used in combination with tablets for diabetes and / or in combination with injectable anti - diabetic products , other than insulin , levemir should be administered once a day . when levemir is used as part of a basal - bolus insulin regimen levemir should be administered once or twice daily depending on patients ' needs . dose of levemir should be adjusted individually . the injection can be given at any time during the day , but at the same time each day . for patients who require twice daily dosing to optimise blood sugar control , the evening dose can be administered in the evening or at bedtime . how and where to inject levemir is for injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). you must never inject levemir directly into a vein ( intravenously ) or muscle ( intramuscularly ). levemir penfill is only suitable for injecting under the skin using a reusable pen . speak to your doctor if you need to inject your insulin by another method . with each injection , change the injection site within the particular area of skin that you use . this may reduce the risk of developing lumps or skin pitting ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). the best places to give yourself an injection are : the front of your thighs , the front of your waist ( abdomen ), or the upper arm . you should always measure your blood sugar regularly . do not refill the cartridge . levemir penfill cartridges are designed to be used with novo nordisk insulin delivery systems and novofine or novotwist needles . if you are treated with levemir penfill and another insulin penfill cartridge , you should use two insulin delivery systems , one for each type of insulin . always carry a spare penfill cartridge in case the one in use is lost or damaged . how to inject levemir inject the insulin under your skin . use the injection technique advised by your doctor or nurse and as described in your pen manual . keep the needle under your skin for at least 6 seconds . keep the push - button fully depressed 46 until the needle has been withdrawn from the skin . this will ensure correct delivery and limit possible flow of blood into the needle or insulin reservoir . after each injection be sure to remove and discard the needle and store levemir without the needle attached . otherwise the liquid may leak out which can cause inaccurate dosing . if you take more insulin than you should if you take too much insulin your blood sugar gets too low ( hypoglycaemia ). see a ) summary of serious and very common side effects in section 4 . if you forget to take your insulin if you forget to take your insulin your blood sugar may get too high ( hyperglycaemia ). see c ) effects from diabetes in section 4 . if you stop taking your insulin do not stop taking your insulin without speaking with a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . this could lead to very high blood sugar ( severe hyperglycaemia ) and ketoacidosis . see c ) effects from diabetes in section 4 . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
rheumatoid arthritis the usual dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how flixabi is given flixabi will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for infusion . the medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) ( over 2 hours ) into one of your veins , usually in your arm . after the third treatment , your doctor may decide to give your dose of flixabi over 1 hour . you will be monitored while you are given flixabi and also for 1 to 2 hours afterwards . how much flixabi is given the doctor will decide your dose and how often you will be given flixabi . this will depend on your disease , weight and how well you respond to flixabi . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . 2nd dose 2 weeks after your 1stdose 3rd dose 6 weeks after your 1stdose further doses every 6 to 8 weeks depending on your disease use in children and adolescents flixabi should only be used in children and adolescents if they are being treated for crohn ` s disease or ulcerative colitis . these children must be 6 years of age or older . if you are given too much flixabi as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . there are no known side effects of having too much of flixabi . if you forget or miss your flixabi infusion if you forget or miss an appointment to receive flixabi , make another appointment as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . although abasaglar contains the same active substance as toujeo ( insulin glargine 300 units / ml ), these medicines are not interchangeable . the switch from one insulin therapy to another requires medical prescription , medical supervision and blood glucose monitoring . please consult your doctor for further information . dose based on your life - style and the results of your blood sugar ( glucose ) tests and your previous insulin usage , your doctor will : - determine how much abasaglar per day you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of abasaglar . abasaglar is a long - acting insulin . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting insulin or with tablets used to treat high blood sugar levels . many factors may influence your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . use in children and adolescents abasaglar can be used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . frequency of administration you need one injection of abasaglar every day , at the same time of the day . method of administration abasaglar is injected under the skin . do not inject abasaglar in a vein , since this will change its action and may cause hypoglycaemia . your doctor will show you in which area of the skin you should inject abasaglar . with each injection , change the puncture site within the particular area of skin that you are using . how to handle the cartridges the abasaglar cartridges are to be used only in lilly insulin pens to ensure you get the correct dose . not all of these pens may be marketed in your country . the pen should be used as recommended in the information provided . the instructions for using the pen must be followed carefully for loading the cartridge , attaching the needle , and administering the insulin injection . to prevent the possible transmission of disease , each pen must be used by one patient only . look at the cartridge before you use it . only use it if the solution is clear , colourless and water - like , and has no visible particles in it . do not shake or mix it before use . always use a new cartridge if you notice that your blood sugar control is unexpectedly getting worse . this is because the insulin may have lost some of its effectiveness . if you think you may have a problem with abasaglar , have it checked by your doctor or pharmacist . special care before injection before injection remove any air bubbles ( see instructions for using the pen ). make sure that neither alcohol nor other disinfectants or other substances contaminate the insulin . do not re - fill and re - use empty cartridges . do not add any other insulin to the cartridge . do not mix abasaglar with any other insulins or medicines . do not dilute it . mixing or diluting may change the action of abasaglar . problems with the insulin pen ? refer to the instructions for using the pen . if the insulin pen is damaged or not working properly ( due to mechanical defects ) it has to be discarded , and a new insulin pen has to be used . insulin mix - ups you must always check the insulin label before each injection to avoid mix - ups between abasaglar and other insulins . if you use more abasaglar than you should - if you have injected too much abasaglar , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hypoglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of hypoglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use abasaglar - if you have missed a dose of abasaglar or if you have not injected enough insulin , your blood sugar level may become too high ( hyperglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . for information on the treatment of hyperglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using abasaglar this could lead to severe hyperglycaemia ( very high blood sugar ) and ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). do not stop abasaglar without speaking to a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor will work out your dose of bortezomib accord according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose of bortezomib accord is 1 . 3 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may change the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your response to the treatment on the occurrence of certain side effects and on your underlying conditions ( e . g . liver problems ). progressive multiple myeloma when bortezomib accord is given alone , you will receive 4 doses of bortezomib accord intravenously or subcutaneously on days 1 , 4 , 8 and 11 , followed by a 10 - day ' rest period ' without treatment . this 21 - day period ( 3 weeks ) corresponds to one treatment cycle . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). you may also be given bortezomib accord together with the medicines pegylated liposomal doxorubicin or dexamethasone . when bortezomib accord is given together with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin , you will receive bortezomib accord intravenously or subcutaneously as a 21 - day treatment cycle and pegylated liposomal doxorubicin 30 mg / m2 is given on day 4 of the bortezomib accord 21 - day treatment cycle as an intravenous infusion after the bortezomib accord injection . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). when bortezomib accord is given together with dexamethasone , you will receive bortezomib accord intravenously or subcutaneously as a 21 - day treatment cycle and dexamethasone 20 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 8 , 9 , 11 , and 12 , of the bortezomib accord , 21 - day treatment cycle . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). previously untreated multiple myeloma if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib accord together with two other medicines ; melphalan and prednisone . in this case , the duration of a treatment cycle is 42 days ( 6 weeks ). you will receive 9 cycles ( 54 weeks ). in cycles 1 to 4 , bortezomib accord is administered twice weekly on days 1 , 4 , 8 , 11 , 22 , 25 , 29 and 32 . in cycles 5 to 9 , bortezomib accord is administered once weekly on days 1 , 8 , 22 and 29 . melphalan ( 9 mg / m2 ) and prednisone ( 60 mg / m2 ) are both given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 of the first week of each cycle . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib accord intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines dexamethasone , or dexamethasone and thalidomide , as induction treatment . when bortezomib accord is given together with dexamethasone , you will receive bortezomib accord intravenously or subcutaneously as a 21 - day treatment cycle and dexamethasone 40 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 of the bortezomib accord 21 - day treatment cycle . you will receive 4 cycles ( 12 weeks ). when bortezomib accord is given together with thalidomide and dexamethasone , the duration of a treatment cycle is 28 days ( 4 weeks ). dexamethasone 40 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 of the bortezomib accord 28 - day treatment cycle and thalidomide is given orally daily at 50 mg up to day 14 of the first cycle , and if tolerated the thalidomide dose is increased to 100 mg on days 15 - 28 and may be further increased to 200 mg daily from the second cycle onwards . you might receive up to 6 cycles ( 24 weeks ). previously untreated mantle cell lymphoma if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma , you will receive bortezomib accord intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines rituximab , cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin and prednisone . bortezomib accord is given intravenously or subcutaneously on days 1 , 4 , 8 and 11 , followed by a ' rest period ' without treatment . the duration of a treatment cycle is 21 days ( 3 weeks ). you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). the following medicinal products are given on day 1 of each bortezomib accord 21 - day treatment cycle as intravenous infusions : rituximab at 375 mg / m2 , cyclophosphamide at 750 mg / m2 and doxorubicin at 50 mg / m2 . prednisone is given orally at 100 mg / m2 on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 of the bortezomib accord treatment cycle . how bortezomib accord is given this medicine is for intravenous or subcutaneous use . bortezomib accord will be administered by a health care professional experienced in the use of cytotoxic medicines . bortezomib accord powder has to be dissolved before administration . this will be done by a healthcare professional . the resulting solution is then either injected into a vein or under the skin . injection into a vein is rapid , taking 3 to 5 seconds . injection under the skin is in either the thighs or the abdomen . if you are given too much bortezomib accord as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
the novoseven powder must be reconstituted with its solvent and injected into a vein . see overleaf for detailed instructions . when to treat yourself start treatment of a bleed as early as possible , ideally within 2 hours . in cases of a mild or moderate bleed , you should treat yourself as early as possible , ideally at home . in case of a severe bleed you should contact your doctor . usually severe bleeds are treated at the hospital and you can give yourself the first novoseven dose on the way there . do not treat yourself for longer than 24 hours without consulting your doctor . each time you use novoseven , tell your doctor or hospital as soon as possible . if bleeding is not controlled within 24 hours , contact your doctor immediately . you will usually need hospital care . dose the first dose should be given as early as possible after bleeding has started . talk to your doctor about when to use the injections and how long to keep using them . the dose will be worked out by your doctor , based on your body weight , condition and type of bleed . to achieve the best results , follow the prescribed dose carefully . your doctor might change the dose . if you have haemophilia : the usual dose is 90 micrograms for every 1 kilogram you weigh ; you can repeat the injection every 23 hours until bleeding is controlled . your doctor may recommend a single dose of 270 micrograms for every 1 kilogram you weigh . there is no clinical experience in people over 65 using this single dose . if you have factor vii deficiency : the usual dose range is 15 to 30 micrograms for every 1 kilogram you weigh , for each injection . if you have glanzmann ' s thrombasthenia : the usual dose is 90 micrograms ( range is 80 to 120 micrograms ) for every 1 kilogram you weigh , for each injection . if you inject more novoseven than you should if you inject too much novoseven , get medical advice at once . if you forget an injection of novoseven if you forget an injection , or if you want to stop the treatment , get your doctor ' s advice .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of arava is one 100 mg tablet once daily for the first three days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 10 or 20 mg arava once daily , depending on the severity of the disease . for psoriatic arthritis : 20 mg arava once daily . swallow the tablet whole and with plenty of water . it may take about 4 weeks or longer until you start to feel an improvement in your condition . some patients may even still feel further improvements after 4 to 6 months of therapy . you will normally take arava over long periods of time . if you take more arava than you should if you take more arava than you should , contact your doctor or get other medical advice . if possible , take your tablets or the box with you to show the doctor . if you forget to take arava if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember , unless it is nearly time for your next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as the doctor has told you . check with your child ' s doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . dose the recommended daily dose for your child is 0 . 05 mg per kg body weight . the dose will be given in millilitres ( ml ) of solution . the doctor will choose the dose that is right for your child , depending on their body weight . the doctor will tell you which dose to inject . if you are not sure , ask the doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how to use revestive revestive is injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ) once daily . the injection can be self - administered or given by another person , for example your child ' s doctor , his / her assistant or your child ' s home nurse . if you , or the carer , are injecting the medicine , you or the carer must receive adequate training by the doctor or nurse . you will find detailed instructions for injections at the end of this leaflet . it is strongly recommended that every time your child receives a dose of revestive , the name and lot number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the lots used . if you use more revestive than you should if you inject more revestive than you are told to by your child ' s doctor , you should contact the doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use revestive if you forget to inject this medicine ( or cannot inject it at the usual time ), use it as soon as possible on that day . never use more than one injection in the same day . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using revestive keep using this medicine for as long as your child ' s doctor prescribes it for them . do not stop using this medicine without consulting the doctor , as a sudden stop can cause changes in your child ' s fluid balance . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your child ' s doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage of ifirmacombi 150 mg / 12 . 5 mg the recommended dose of ifirmacombi 150 mg / 12 . 5 mg is one tablet a day . ifirmacombi 150 mg / 12 . 5 mg will usually be prescribed by your doctor when your previous treatment did not 36 reduce your blood pressure enough . your doctor will instruct you how to switch from the previous treatment to ifirmacombi . if this dose does not help to reduce your blood pressure as required , the doctor may prescribe ifirmacombi 300 mg / 12 . 5 mg to you . dosage of ifirmacombi 300 mg / 12 . 5 mg the recomended dose of ifirmacombi 300 mg / 12 . 5 mg is one tablet a day . ifirmacombi 300 mg / 12 . 5 mg will usually be prescribed by your doctor when your previous treatment did not reduce your blood pressure enough . your doctor will instruct you how to switch from the previous treatment to ifirmacombi . if this dose does not help to reduce your blood pressure as required , the doctor may prescribe ifirmacombi 300 mg / 25 mg to you . dosage of ifirmacombi 300 mg / 25 mg the recommended dose of ifirmacombi 300 mg / 25 mg is one tablet a day . this dose should not be increased . ifirmacombi 300 mg / 25 mg will usually be prescribed by your doctor when your previous treatment did not reduce your blood pressure enough . your doctor will instruct you how to switch from the previous treatment to ifirmacombi . if this medicine does not help to reduce your blood pressure as required , the doctor will prescribe additional treatment to you . method of administration ifirmacombi is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take ifirmacombi with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take ifirmacombi until your doctor tells you otherwise . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 6 - 8 weeks after beginning treatment . if you take more ifirmacombi than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . children should not take ifirmacombi ifirmacombi should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ifirmacombi if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . - the recommended dose is one tablet of 100 mg taken by mouth once daily . - take the dose at about the same time each day . - you can take the tablets with food or between meals always avoiding grapefruit and grapefruit juice . - swallow the tablets whole and do not crush , chew or dissolve the tablets . - sometimes your doctor may lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely if you feel unwell . if you vomit after taking lorviqua if you vomit after taking a dose of lorviqua , do not take an extra dose , just take your next dose at the usual time . if you take more lorviqua than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse right away . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take lorviqua what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . - if your next dose is in 4 hours or more , take the missed tablet as soon as you remember . then take the next tablet at the usual time . - if your next dose is in less than 4 hours away , skip the missed tablet . then take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lorviqua it is important to take lorviqua every day , for as long as your doctor asks you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor has prescribed , or you feel you do not need it anymore , speak with your doctor right away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
libtayo will be given to you in a hospital or clinic - supervised by a doctor experienced in cancer treatment . libtayo is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last about 30 minutes . libtayo is usually given every 3 weeks . how much you will receive the recommended dose of libtayo is 350 mg . your doctor will decide how much libtayo you will receive and how many treatments you will need . your doctor will test your blood for certain side effects during your treatment . if you miss an appointment call your doctor as soon as possible to make another appointment . it is very important that you do not miss a dose of this medicine . if you stop receiving libtayo do not stop treatment of libtayo unless you have discussed this with your doctor . this is because stopping your treatment may stop the effect of the medicine . patient alert card the information in this package leaflet can be found in the patient alert card you have been given by your doctor . it is important that you keep this patient alert card and show it to your partner or caregivers . if you have any questions about your treatment , ask your doctor .
your doctor will tell you how many ketek tablets to take , at what time and for how long . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with you doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual duration of treatment is 5 days for infections of the throat , infections of the sinuses , chest infections in patients with long standing breathing difficulties and 7 to 10 days for pneumonia . the recommended dose of ketek for adults and children of 12 years and older is two tablets of 400 mg once daily ( 800 mg once daily ). if you have kidney problems ( severe renal insufficiency ) you should take alternating daily doses of 800 mg ( two tablets of 400 mg ) and 400 mg ( one tablet of 400 mg ), starting with the 800 mg dose . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . it is best to take tablets at the same time each day . if possible take the tablets before going to bed , to reduce the potential impact of visual disturbances and loss of consciousness . if you take more ketek than you should if you accidentally take one tablet too many , nothing is likely to happen . if you accidentally take several tablets too many , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if possible , take your tablets or the box with you to show the doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take ketek if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as possible . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose skip the missed dose and take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking ketek take the complete course of tablets prescribed by your doctor , even if you begin to feel better before you have finished them all . if you stop taking the tablets too soon , the infection may return , or your condition may get worse . if you stop taking the tablets too soon you may also create a bacterial resistance to the medicine . if you feel you are suffering from a side effect , tell a doctor immediately to get advice before taking the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you ' re not sure . your doctor will decide on the correct dose of tyverb depending on the type of breast cancer being treated . if you are prescribed tyverb in combination with capecitabine , the usual dose is 5 tyverb tablets a day , as a single dose . if you are prescribed tyverb in combination with trastuzumab , the usual dose is 4 tyverb tablets a day , as a single dose . if you are prescribed tyverb in combination with an aromatase inhibitor , the usual dose is 6 tyverb tablets a day , as a single dose . take the prescribed dose every day for as long as your doctor tells you to . your doctor will advise you about the dose of your other anti - cancer medicine , and how to take it . taking your tablets swallow the tablets whole with water , one after the other , at the same time each day . take tyverb either at least one hour before or at least one hour after food . take tyverb at the same time in relation to food each day for example , you could always take your tablet one hour before breakfast . while you are taking tyverb depending on the side effects you experience , your doctor may recommend lowering your dose or temporarily stopping your treatment . your doctor will also carry out tests to check your heart and liver function before and during treatment with tyverb . if you take too much tyverb contact a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if possible , show them the pack . if you forget to take tyverb don ' t take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take the next dose at the scheduled time .
children and adolescents : use in children and adolescents is not recommended . adults : always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . wash hands carefully before and after applying the cream . do not cover the treated area with bandages or other dressings after you have applied aldara cream . open a new sachet each time you use the cream . dispose of any cream left in the sachet after use . do not save the opened sachet for use at a later date . the treatment frequency and duration differ for genital warts , basal cell carcinoma and actinic keratosis ( see specific instructions for each indication ). if you are being treated for genital warts : 28 application instructions ( mon , wed and fri ) 1 . before going to bed , wash your hands and the treatment area with mild soap and water . dry thoroughly . 2 . open a new sachet and squeeze some cream onto your fingertip . 3 . apply a thin layer of aldara cream onto clean , dry wart area and rub gently into the skin until cream vanishes . 4 . after application of the cream , throw away the opened sachet and wash hands with soap and water . 5 . leave aldara cream on the warts for 6 to 10 hours . do not shower or bathe during this time . 6 . after 6 to 10 hours wash the area where aldara cream was applied with mild soap and water . apply aldara cream 3 times per week . for example , apply the cream on monday , wednesday and friday . one sachet contains enough cream to cover a wart area of 20 cm2 ( approx . 3 square inches ). men with warts under the foreskin should pull the foreskin back each day and wash underneath it ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions ") continue to use aldara cream as instructed until your warts have completely gone ( half the females who clear will do so in 8 weeks , half the males who clear will do so in 12 weeks but in some patients warts may clear as early as 4 weeks ). do not use aldara cream for more than 16 weeks in the treatment of each episode of warts . if you have the impression that the effect of aldara cream is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are being treated for basal cell carcinoma : application instructions ( mon , tues , wed , thurs and fri ) 1 . before going to bed , wash your hands and the treatment area with mild soap and water . dry thoroughly . 2 . open a new sachet and squeeze some cream onto your fingertip . 3 . apply aldara cream to the affected area and 1cm ( approx . 0 . 5 inch ) around the affected area . rub gently into the skin until the cream vanishes . 4 . after application of the cream , throw away the opened sachet . wash hands with soap and water . 5 . leave aldara cream on the skin for about 8 hours . do not shower or bathe during this time . 6 . after about 8 hours , wash the area where aldara cream was applied with mild soap and water . apply sufficient aldara cream to cover the treatment area and 1 cm ( about ½ an inch ) around the treatment area each day for 5 consecutive days each week for 6 weeks . for example , apply the cream from monday to friday . do not apply the cream on saturday and sunday . if you are being treated for actinic keratosis application instructions ( mon , wed and fri ) 1 . before going to bed , wash your hands and the treatment area with mild soap and water . dry thoroughly . 2 . open a new sachet and squeeze some cream onto your fingertip . 3 . apply the cream to the affected area . rub gently into the area until the cream vanishes . 4 . after application of the cream , throw away the opened sachet . wash hands with soap and water . 5 . leave aldara cream on the skin for about 8 hours . do not shower or bathe during this time . 6 . after about 8 hours , wash the area where aldara cream was applied with mild soap and water . apply aldara cream 3 times per week . for example , apply the cream on monday , wednesday and friday . one sachet contains enough cream to cover an area of 25 cm2 ( approx . 4 square inches ). continue treatment for four weeks . four weeks after finishing this first treatment , your doctor will assess your skin . if the lesions have not all disappeared , further four weeks of treatment may be necessary . if you use more aldara cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . when any skin reaction has gone you may then continue with your treatment . if you accidentally swallow aldara cream please contact your doctor . if you forget to use aldara cream if you miss a dose , apply cream as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of nemdatine for adults and older people is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 one 5 mg tablet week 2 two 5 mg tablets week 3 three 5 mg tablets week 4 and beyond four 5 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is one tablet once a day ( 1x 5 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to two tablets once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to three tablets once a day ( 1x 15 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 4 tablets once a day ( 1x 20 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired kidney function if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration nemdatine should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take nemdatine as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor should assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you take more nemdatine than you should - in general , taking too much nemdatine should not result in any harm to you . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 ' possible side effects '. - if you take a large overdose of nemdatine , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take nemdatine - if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of nemdatine , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take trazec exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . when to take trazec take trazec before the three main meals , usually : - 1 dose before breakfast - 1 dose before lunch - 1 dose before dinner it is best to take it right before a main meal but you can take it up to 30 minutes before . do not take it if you are not going to eat a main meal . if you miss a meal , skip that dose of trazec and wait until your next meal . how much to take take trazec as your doctor told you to . your doctor will determine the dosage you require . the usual dose of trazec to start with is 60 mg before the three main meals . in some cases your doctor may prescribe higher doses . the recommended maximum daily dose is 180 mg three times daily to be taken before the three main meals . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water before the meal . how long to take trazec take trazec daily until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more trazec than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to a doctor straight away . if you experience symptoms of low blood sugar if you feel dizzy , light - headed , hungry , shaky , or any of the other signs in section 4 , " possible side effects " eat or drink something containing sugar . if you feel as if you are about to have a severe hypoglycaemic attack ( which may lead to loss of consciousness or seizure ), call for urgent medical help or make sure that someone else does this for you . if you forget to take trazec if you forget to take a tablet simply take the next one before your next meal . do not take a double dose of trazec to make up for the one that you missed .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of truvada to treat hiv is : adults : one tablet each day , where possible , with food . adolescents aged 12 to less than 18 years who weigh at least 35 kg : one tablet each day , whenever possible with food . the recommended dose of truvada to reduce the risk of getting hiv is : adults : one tablet each day , whenever possible with food . adolescents aged 12 to less than 18 years who weigh at least 35 kg : one tablet each day , whenever possible with food . if you have difficulty swallowing , you can use the tip of a spoon to crush the tablet . then mix the powder with about 100 ml ( half a glass ) of water , orange juice or grape juice , and drink immediately . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are being treated for hiv infection your doctor will prescribe truvada with other antiretroviral medicines . please refer to the patient information leaflets of the other antiretrovirals for guidance on how to take those medicines . if you are taking truvada to reduce the risk of getting hiv , take truvada every day , not just when you think you have been at risk of hiv infection . ask your doctor if you have any questions about how to prevent getting hiv or prevent spreading hiv to other people . if you take more truvada than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose of truvada , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you miss a dose it is important not to miss a dose of truvada . if you notice within 12 hours of the time you usually take truvada , take the tablet preferably with food as soon as possible . then take the next dose at your usual time . if you notice 12 hours or more after the time you usually take truvada , forget about the missed dose . wait and take the next dose , preferably with food , at your usual time . if you vomit less than 1 hour after taking truvada , take another tablet . you do not need to take another tablet if you were sick more than 1 hour after taking truvada . do not stop taking truvada if you take truvada for treatment of hiv infection , stopping tablets may reduce the effectiveness of the anti - hiv therapy recommended by your doctor . if you are taking truvada to reduce the risk of getting hiv , do not stop taking truvada or miss any doses . stopping use of truvada , or missing doses , may increase your risk of getting hiv infection . do not stop taking truvada without contacting your doctor . if you have hepatitis b , it is especially important not to stop your truvada treatment without talking to your doctor first . you may require blood tests for several months after stopping treatment . in some patients with advanced liver disease or cirrhosis , stopping treatment is not recommended as this may lead to worsening of your hepatitis , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately about new or unusual symptoms after you stop treatment , particularly symptoms you associate with hepatitis b infection if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual recommended starting dose is the equivalent of 1 , 500 mg iron per day ( 3 tablets ). the maximum recommended dose is 3 , 000 mg iron ( 6 tablets ) per day . your doctor may adjust the dose during the treatment course depending on the phosphorus level in your blood . method of administration velphoro should only be taken by mouth . take the tablet during a meal and chew it ( if necessary , the tablet may be crushed to make this easier for you ). do not swallow it whole . the amount of tablets taken per day should be divided across the meals of the day . when taking velphoro you should adhere to your recommended diet and treatments prescribed by your doctor such as calcium supplements , vitamin d3 or calcimimetics . only for the blister packs : separate the blister pack at perforations . peel back the paper foil at the corner . push the tablet through the aluminium foil . if you take more velphoro than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , do not take any more and talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take velphoro if you have missed a dose , just take the next dose at the usual time with a meal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking velphoro do not stop taking the medicine before talking to your doctor or pharmacist as the phosphorus level in your blood may increase ( see section 1 ).
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of brintellix is 10 mg vortioxetine taken as one daily dose in adults less than 65 years of age . the dose may be increased by your doctor to a maximum of 20 mg vortioxetine per day or lowered to a minimum of 5 mg vortioxetine per day depending on your response to treatment . for elderly people 65 years of age or older , the starting dose is 5 mg vortioxetine taken once daily . method of administration take one tablet with a glass of water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment take brintellix for as long as your doctor recommends . continue to take brintellix even if it takes some time before you feel any improvement in your condition . treatment should be continued for at least 6 months after you feel well again . if you take more brintellix than you should if you take more than the prescribed dose of brintellix , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . have the container and any remaining tablets available . do this 75 even if there are no signs of discomfort . overdose signs could be dizziness , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , itching of the whole body , sleepiness and flushing . following intake of dosages several times higher than the prescribed dose , fits ( seizures ) and a rare condition called serotonin syndrome have been reported . if you forget to take brintellix take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking brintellix do not stop taking brintellix without talking with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . - the usual dose is one tablet daily . the score line is only there to help you break the tablet if you have difficulty swallowing it whole . - the tablets should be taken by mouth and can be taken with or without food . gout febuxostat krka is available as either an 80 mg tablet or a 120 mg tablet . your doctor will have prescribed the strength most suitable for you . continue to take febuxostat krka every day even when you are not experiencing gout flare or attack . prevention and treatment of high uric acid levels in patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy febuxostat krka is available as a 120 mg tablet . start taking febuxostat krka two days before chemotherapy and continue its use according to your doctor ' s advice . the treatment is usually short - term . if you take more febuxostat krka than you should in the event of an accidental overdose ask your doctor what to do , or contact your nearest accident and emergency department . if you forget to take febuxostat krka if you miss a dose of febuxostat krka take it as soon as you remember unless it is almost time for your next dose , in which case miss out the forgotten dose and take your next dose at the normal time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking febuxostat krka do not stop taking febuxostat krka without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you stop taking febuxostat krka your uric acid levels may begin to rise and your symptoms may worsen due to the formation of new crystals of urate in and around your joints and kidneys . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . method of administration if necessary , wounds should be cleansed using a suitable antiseptic solution prior to application of episalvan episalvan should be applied to the wound surface at a thickness of approximately 1 mm and covered by a sterile wound dressing . re - apply the gel each time the dressing is changed , until the wound is healed . once the single - use tube has been opened , use the gel immediately and discard the tube , even if there ' s some left . duration of use episalvan should be used until the wound is healed or up to 4 weeks . your doctor or nurse will tell you for how long you should use the gel . there is no experience from long - term use of episalvan for more than 4 weeks . if you use more episalvan than you should episalvan is applied to the skin and the absorption into the body is minimal . this makes overdose very unlikely , even if applied to large skin areas and for a long period of time . if you forget to use episalvan do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . apply episalvan at the next planned change of the wound dressing , continuing with your normal routine . if you stop using episalvan episalvan should be used as advised by your doctor or nurse . do not stop using it without consulting your doctor or nurse . if your wound shows no signs of improvement over time , talk to your doctor or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 1 capsule per day . the doctor will increase the dose gradually depending on how well the medicine is working . the maintenance dose is 1 to 3 capsules daily taken at regular intervals throughout the day . do not take more than 3 capsules a day . check of heart function before starting treatment with namuscla and regularly during treatment , you will have tests to check how well your heart is working ,. depending on your heart function you may also need testing before and after any dose adjustment . see section " warnings and precautions ". your doctor will also regularly reassess your treatment to make sure namuscla is still the best medicine for you . method of administration namuscla is for oral use . swallow the capsule with a glass of water , while standing or sitting up . you may take namuscla during a meal to avoid belly pain ( see section " possible side effects "). if you take more namuscla than you should contact your doctor if you take more than the recommended dose of namuscla . this could be very harmful to your health . you or your companion should contact the doctor immediately if you have tingling in the arms and legs , if you feel unable to think clearly or concentrate , if you have hallucinations , convulsions , if you feel that your heart beats slower , if you feel dizzy and faint , if you collapse or if your heart stops beating . if you forget to take namuscla if you have forgotten a dose , do not take a double dose and take the next dose at your regular schedule . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . even if you feel better , do not stop taking prezista and cobicistat or ritonavir without talking to your doctor . after therapy has been initiated , the dose or dosage form must not be changed or therapy must not be stopped without instruction of the doctor . dose for children of 3 years of age and above , weighing at least 15 kilograms who have not taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your child ' s doctor will determine this ) the doctor will work out the right once daily dose based on the weight of the child ( see table below ). this dose must not exceed the recommended adult dose , which is 800 milligram prezista together with 100 milligram ritonavir once a day . the doctor will inform you on how much prezista oral suspension and how much ritonavir ( capsules , tablets or solution ) the child must take . weight one prezista dose is one ritonavira dose is between 15 and 30 kilograms 600 milligram ( 6 milliliter ) 100 milligram ( 1 . 2 milliliter ) between 30 and 40 kilograms 675 milligram ( 6 . 8 milliliter ) 100 milligram ( 1 . 2 milliliter ) more than 40 kilograms 800 milligram ( 8 milliliter ) 100 milligram ( 1 . 2 milliliter ) a ritonavir oral solution : 80 milligram per milliliter the child must take prezista every day and always in combination with 100 milligram of ritonavir and with food . prezista cannot work properly without ritonavir and food . the child must eat a meal or a snack within 30 minutes prior to taking prezista and ritonavir . the type of food is not important . dose for children of 3 years of age and above , weighing at least 15 kilograms who have taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your child ' s doctor will determine this ) the doctor will work out the right dose based on the weight of the child ( see table below ). the doctor will determine if once daily dosing or twice daily dosing is appropriate for the child . this dose must not exceed the recommended adult dose , which is 600 milligram prezista together with 100 milligram ritonavir two times per day or 800 milligram prezista together with 100 milligram ritonavir once a day . the doctor will inform you on how much prezista oral suspension and how much ritonavir ( capsules , tablets or solution ) the child must take . twice daily dosing weight one prezista dose is one ritonavira dose is between 15 and 30 kilograms 380 milligram ( 3 . 8 milliliter ) 50 milligram ( 0 . 6 milliliter ) between 30 and 40 kilograms 460 milligram ( 4 . 6 milliliter ) 60 milligram ( 0 . 8 milliliter ) more than 40 kilograms 600 milligram ( 6 milliliter ) 100 milligram ( 1 . 2 milliliter ) a ritonavir oral solution : 80 milligram per milliliter 145 once daily dosing weight one prezista dose is one ritonavira dose is between 15 and 30 kilograms 600 milligram ( 6 milliliter ) 100 milligram ( 1 . 2 milliliter ) between 30 and 40 kilograms 675 milligram ( 6 . 8 milliliter ) 100 milligram ( 1 . 2 milliliter ) more than 40 kilograms 800 milligram ( 8 milliliter ) 100 milligram ( 1 . 2 milliliter ) a ritonavir oral solution : 80 milligram per milliliter instructions for children - the child must take prezista always together with ritonavir . prezista cannot work properly without ritonavir . - the child must take the appropriate doses of prezista and ritonavir two times per day or once a day . if prescribed prezista twice daily the child must take one dose in the morning , and one dose in the evening . your child ' s doctor will determine the appropriate dosing regimen for your child . - the child must take prezista with food . prezista cannot work properly without food . the type of food is not important . dose for adults who have not taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your doctor will determine this ) the usual dose of prezista is 800 milligram once daily . you must take prezista every day and always in combination with 150 milligram of cobicistat or 100 milligram of ritonavir and with food . prezista cannot work properly without cobicistat or ritonavir and food . you must eat a meal or a snack within 30 minutes prior to taking your prezista and cobicistat or ritonavir . the type of food is not important . even if you feel better , do not stop taking prezista and cobicistat or ritonavir without talking to your doctor . dose for adults who have taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your doctor will determine this ) the dose is either : - 600 milligram prezista together with 100 milligram ritonavir twice daily . or - 800 milligram prezista together with 150 milligram cobicistat or 100 milligram ritonavir once daily . please discuss with your doctor which dose is right for you . instructions for adults - take prezista always together with cobicistat or ritonavir . prezista cannot work properly without cobicistat or ritonavir . - take prezista with food . prezista cannot work properly without food . the type of food is not important . instructions for use use the dosing pipette supplied with the pack to measure your dose accurately : 1 . shake the bottle well before each use . 2 . open the bottle of prezista oral suspension by pushing downward on the cap and twisting it counter - clockwise . 3 . insert the supplied oral dosing pipette all the way into the bottle . 4 . pull the plunger until the top of the barrel meets the line that matches the dose prescribed by your health care provider . 5 . take the dose of prezista . place the tip of the oral dosing pipette in the mouth . press on the plunger of the pipette towards the mouth , then swallow . 6 . close the bottle with the cap after use , and store prezista oral suspension as directed in section 5 below . 7 . remove the plunger from the barrel of the pipette , rinse both with water and allow to air dry after each use . 8 . put the oral dosing pipette back together after air drying and store with the prezista bottle . do not use the dosing pipette for any other medicines . if you take more prezista than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take prezista if you take prezista two times a day and if you notice within 6 hours , you must take the oral suspension immediately . always take with ritonavir and food . if you notice after 6 hours , then skip the intake and take the next doses as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you take prezista once a day and if you notice within 12 hours , you must take the oral suspension immediately . always take with cobicistat or ritonavir and food . if you notice after 12 hours , then skip the intake and take the next doses as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not stop taking prezista without talking to your doctor first anti - hiv medicines may make you feel better . even when you feel better , do not stop taking prezista . talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of fortacin is 3 sprays ( 3 sprays = 1 dose ) on the head of the penis before sexual intercourse . a maximum of 3 doses can be used within 24 hours with at least 4 hours between doses . instructions for use before initial use , briefly shake the spray container and then prime the pump mechanism by spraying the valve three times into the air . aim the container away from faces to avoid contact with eyes , nose , mouth and ears . before each subsequent dose , briefly shake the spray container and then re - prime the pump by spraying 1 time into the air . retract any foreskin from the head of the penis . holding the can upright ( valve up ), apply 1 dose ( 3 sprays ) of fortacin to the entire head of the penis , by covering one third with each spray . wait 5 minutes then wipe off any excess spray prior to having sexual intercourse . if you use more fortacin than you should as this medicine is applied to the surface of the head of the penis the risk of overdose is low . if you do apply too much , wipe it off . symptoms of using too much fortacin are listed below . contact your doctor or pharmacist if you experience any of these . they are very unlikely to happen if it is used as instructed : feeling light - headed or dizzy tingling of the skin around the mouth and numbness of the tongue abnormal taste blurred vision ringing in the ears there is also a risk of a disorder reducing the amount of oxygen in the blood ( methaemoglobinaemia ). this is more likely when certain medicines have been taken at the same time . if this happens , the skin becomes bluish - grey due to a lack of oxygen . in serious cases of overdose , symptoms may include fits , low blood pressure , slowed breathing , stopped breathing and altered heart beat . these effects may be life - threatening . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . duloxetine mylan is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . for depression and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual dose of duloxetine mylan is 60 mg once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose of duloxetine mylan is 30 mg once a day after which most patients will receive 60 mg once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted up to 120 mg a day based on your response to duloxetine mylan . to help you remember to take duloxetine mylan , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking duloxetine mylan . do not stop taking duloxetine mylan , or change your dose , without talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more duloxetine mylan than you should call your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the amount of duloxetine mylan prescribed by your doctor . symptoms of overdose include sleepiness , coma , serotonin syndrome ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits , vomiting and fast heart rate . if you forget to take duloxetine mylan if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take more than the daily amount of duloxetine mylan that has been prescribed for you in one day . if you stop taking duloxetine mylan do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if your doctor thinks that you no longer need duloxetine mylan he or she will ask you to reduce your dose over at least 2 weeks before stopping treatment altogether . some patients who stop taking duloxetine mylan suddenly have had symptoms such as : dizziness , tingling feelings like pins and needles or electric shock like feelings ( particularly in the head ), sleep disturbances ( vivid dreams , nightmares , inability to sleep ), fatigue , sleepiness , feeling restless or agitated , feeling anxious , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), shaking ( tremor ), headaches , muscle pain , feeling irritable , diarrhoea , excessive sweating or vertigo . these symptoms are usually not serious and disappear within a few days , but if you have symptoms that are troublesome you should ask your doctor for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you can be given this vaccine whether or not you have received smallpox vaccination in the past . the vaccine will be injected under the skin , preferably into the upper arm , by your doctor or a nurse . it must not be injected into a blood vessel . if you have never been vaccinated against smallpox : you will receive two injections . the second injection will be given no less than 28 days after the first . make sure you complete the vaccination course of two injections . if you have previously been vaccinated against smallpox : you will receive one injection . if your immune system is weakened you will receive two injections with the second injection no less than 28 days after the first . if you forget to receive imvanex if you miss a scheduled injection , tell your doctor or nurse and arrange another visit . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse have told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how blincyto is given blincyto will be given to you through a vein ( intravenous ) continuously for 4 weeks using an infusion pump ( this is 1 treatment cycle ). you will then have a 2 - week break where you will not be given the infusion . your infusion catheter will be attached to you at all times during each cycle of your treatment . blincyto is usually given for 2 treatment cycles if you have relapsed / refractory acute lymphoblastic leukaemia , or for 1 treatment cycle if you have minimal residual disease acute lymphoblastic leukaemia . if you respond to this treatment , your doctor may decide to give you up to 3 additional cycles of treatment . the number of treatment cycles and the dose which you will be given will depend on how you tolerate and respond to blincyto . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your treatment may also be interrupted depending on how you tolerate blincyto . if you have relapsed / refractory acute lymphoblastic leukaemia it is recommended that the first 9 days of treatment and the first two days of the second cycle will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor or nurse experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . if you have minimal residual disease acute lymphoblastic leukaemia , it is recommended that the first 3 days of treatment and the first 2 days of subsequent cycles will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor or nurse experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . if you have or had neurological problems , it is recommended that the first 14 days of treatment will be given to you in a hospital or clinic . your doctor will discuss with you if you can continue treatment at home after your initial hospital stay . treatment may include a bag change by a nurse . your doctor will determine when your blincyto infusion bag will be changed , which may range from every day to every 4 days . the infusion rate may be faster or slower depending on how often the bag is changed . your first cycle if you have relapsed / refractory acute lymphoblastic leukaemia and your body weight is greater than or equal to 45 kilograms the recommended initial dose in your first cycle is 9 micrograms per day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to then increase your dose to 28 micrograms per day for weeks 2 , 3 , and 4 of your treatment . if your body weight is less than 45 kilograms , the recommended initial dose in your first cycle will be based on your weight and height . your doctor may decide to then increase your dose for weeks 2 , 3 , and 4 of your treatment . if you have minimal residual disease acute lymphoblastic leukaemia , your dose of blincyto will be 28 micrograms per day throughout the first cycle . your next cycles if your doctor determines that you should be given more cycles of blincyto and if your body weight is greater than or equal to 45 kilograms , your pump will be set to infuse a dose of 28 micrograms per day . if your doctor determines that you should be given more cycles of blincyto and if your body weight is less than 45 kilograms , your pump will be set to infuse a dose based on your weight and height . medicines given before each cycle of blincyto before your treatment with blincyto , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to help reduce infusion reactions and other possible side effects . these may include corticosteroids ( e . g . dexamethasone ). infusion catheter if you have a catheter for infusion , it is very important to keep the area around the catheter clean ; otherwise you could get an infection . your doctor or nurse will show you how to care for your catheter site . infusion pump and intravenous tubing do not adjust the settings on the pump , even if there is a problem or the pump alarm sounds . any changes to the pump settings may result in a dose that is too high or too low . contact your doctor or nurse immediately if : there is a problem with the pump or the pump alarm sounds the infusion bag empties before the scheduled bag change if the infusion pump stops unexpectedly . do not try to restart your pump . your doctor or nurse will advise you on how to manage your daily activities around your infusion pump . contact your doctor or nurse if you have questions .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults ( including the elderly ) the usual dose is between 4 and 8 capsules per day , to be taken by mouth . use in children and adolescents ( 5 to 17 years ) in children and adolescents , the dose depends on age and body weight and will be adjusted by your doctor . at the start of treatment the dose varies between 2 and 5 capsules per day . method of administration 21 your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the total daily dose can be divided into 2 to 4 smaller doses , as indicated by your doctor . swallow the capsules whole with a drink of water on an empty stomach , at least 1 hour before or 2 hours after food . patients who have difficulties swallowing should contact their doctor . if you take more cufence than you should if you take more medicine than you should , you may get nausea , vomiting and dizziness . you must contact your doctor or another health care provider immediately . if you forget to take cufence if you forget to take a dose take your next dose at its usual scheduled time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking cufence this medicine is for long - term use because wilson ' s disease is a life - long condition . do not stop or change your treatment without speaking with your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist
kyprolis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the dose will be calculated based on your height and weight ( body surface area ). your doctor or nurse will determine the dose of kyprolis that you receive . kyprolis will be given as an infusion into a vein . the infusion may last up to 30 minutes . kyprolis is given 2 days in a row each week , for 3 weeks , followed by one week without treatment . each 28 - day period is one treatment cycle . this means that kyprolis will be given to you on days 1 , 2 , 8 , 9 , 15 , and 16 of each 28 - day cycle . the doses on day 8 and 9 of each cycle will not be given from cycle 13 onwards if you are treated with kyprolis in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone . most patients will receive treatment for as long as their disease improves or remains stable . however , kyprolis treatment may also be stopped if you experience side effects that cannot be managed . together with kyprolis you will also be given either lenalidomide and dexamethasone , or only dexamethasone . you may also be given other medicines . if you are given too much kyprolis as this medicine is being given by a doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are given too much kyprolis your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
sprycel will only be prescribed to you by a doctor with experience in treating leukaemia . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . sprycel is prescribed for adults and children at least 1 year of age . the starting dose recommended for adult patients with chronic phase cml is 100 mg once a day . the starting dose recommended for adult patients with accelerated or blast crisis cml or ph + all is 140 mg once a day . dosing for children with chronic phase cml or ph + all is on the basis of body weight . sprycel is administered orally once daily in the form of either sprycel tablets or sprycel powder for oral suspension . sprycel tablets are not recommended for patients weighing less than 10 kg . the powder for oral suspension should be used for patients weighing less than 10 kg and patients who cannot swallow tablets . a change in dose may occur when switching between formulations ( i . e ., tablets and powder for oral suspension ), so you should not switch from one to the other . your doctor will decide the right formulation and dose based on your weight , any side effects and response to treatment . the starting dose of sprycel for children is calculated by body weight as shown below : body weight ( kg ) a daily dose ( mg ) 10 to less than 20 kg 40 mg 20 to less than 30 kg 60 mg 30 to less than 45 kg 70 mg at least 45 kg 100 mg a the tablet is not recommended for patients weighing less than 10 kg ; the powder for oral suspension should be used for these patients . there is no dose recommendation for sprycel with children under 1 year of age . depending on how you respond to the treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose , or even stopping treatment briefly . for higher or lower doses , you may need to take combinations of the different tablet strengths . the tablets may come in packs with calendar blisters . these are blisters showing the days of the week . there are arrows to show the next tablet to be taken according to your treatment schedule . how to take sprycel take your tablets at the same time every day . swallow the tablets whole . do not crush , cut or chew them . do not take dispersed tablets . you cannot be sure you will receive the correct dose if you crush , cut , chew or disperse the tablets . sprycel tablets can be taken with or without a meal . special handling instructions for sprycel it is unlikely that the sprycel tablets will get broken . but if they do , persons other than the patient should use gloves when handling sprycel . how long to take sprycel take sprycel daily until your doctor tells you to stop . make sure you take sprycel for as long as it is prescribed . if you take more sprycel than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take sprycel do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . take the next scheduled dose at the regular time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is administered by your doctor or other health care professional . your doctor will tell you when you need your next injection . it is important not to miss your scheduled dose . if you cannot keep your appointment with the doctor , make sure you call him right away so another appointment can be made as soon as possible . you will receive the first injection ( 150 mg ) and second injection ( 100 mg ) of this medicine in the upper arm approximately one week apart . thereafter , you will receive an injection ( ranging from 25 mg to 150 mg ) in either the upper arm or buttocks once a month . if your doctor is switching you from risperidone long acting injection to this medicine , you will receive the first injection of this medicine ( ranging from 25 mg to 150 mg ) in either the upper arm or buttocks on the date that your next injection was scheduled . thereafter , you will receive an injection ( ranging from 25 mg to 150 mg ) in either the upper arm or buttocks once a month . depending on your symptoms , your doctor may increase or decrease the amount of medicine you receive by one dose level at the time of your scheduled monthly injection . patients with kidney problems your doctor may adjust your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have mild kidney problems your doctor may give you a lower dose . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems this medicine should not be used . elderly your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine if your kidney function is reduced . if you are given more paliperidone janssen - cilag international than needed this medicine will be given to you under medical supervision ; it is , therefore , unlikely that you will be given too much . patients who have been given too much paliperidone may experience the following symptoms : drowsiness or sedation , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , an abnormal electrocardiogram ( electrical tracing of the heart ), or slow or abnormal movements of the face , body , arms or legs . if you stop using paliperidone janssen - cilag international if you stop receiving your injections , you will lose the effects of the medicine . you should not stop using this medicine unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . you must take olysio as part of a course of treatment with other medicines for treating your chronic hepatitis c infection . a course of olysio lasts for either 12 or 24 weeks but you may need to take the other medicines for longer , according to your doctor ' s instructions . read the package leaflets for these medicines for their dosage and directions on ' how to take ' them . how to take - the recommended dose of olysio is one capsule ( 150 milligrams ) once a day . - the days of the week are printed on the blister strip - this will help you remember to take your capsule . - try to take olysio at the same time each day . - always take olysio with food . the type of food is not important . - take this medicine by mouth . - swallow the capsule whole . how to remove capsule press either edge of the pocket to push the capsule through the foil , as shown . do not press the capsule from the center of the pocket . this can damage or break open the capsule . if the capsule shell has been broken or opened , some medicine may be lost and you should take a new capsule . if the capsule shell is indented or bent - without being broken or opened - the capsule can still be used . if you take more olysio than you should if you take more olysio than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take olysio - if it is more than 12 hours until your next dose , take the missed dose as soon as possible with food . then continue taking olysio at the usual scheduled time . - if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose of olysio at the usual scheduled time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure what to do , contact your doctor or pharmacist . do not stop taking olysio do not stop taking olysio unless your doctor tells you to . if you do , your medicine may not work properly . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
carmustine obvius will always be given to you by a healthcare professional with experience in the use of anticancer medicines . adults dosage is based on your medical condition , body size and response to treatment . it is usually given at least every 6 weeks . the recommended dose of carmustine obvius as a single agent in previously untreated patients is 150 to 200 mg / m2 intravenously every 6 weeks . this may be given as a single dose or divided into daily infusions such as 75 to 100 mg / m2 on two successive days . dosage will also depend on whether carmustine obvius is given with other anti - cancer medicines . doses will be adjusted according to how you respond to the treatment . the recommended dose of carmustine obvius given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents before haematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation is 300 600 mg / m2 intravenously . your blood count will be monitored frequently to avoid toxicity in your bone marrow and the dose adjusted if necessary . route of administration following reconstitution and dilution carmustine obvius is given into a vein by a drip ( intravenously ) over a one - to two - hour period protected from light . the duration of infusion should not be less than one hour to avoid burning and pain at the injected area . the injected area will be monitored during the administration . the duration of the treatment is determined by the doctor and may vary for each patient . if you use more carmustine obvius than you should as a doctor or nurse will be giving you this medicine , it is unlikely that you will receive an incorrect dose . tell you doctor or nurse if you have any concern about the amount of medicine that you received . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of azilect is 1 tablet of 1 mg taken by mouth once daily . azilect may be taken with or without food . if you take more azilect than you should if you think that you may have taken too many azilect tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . take the azilect carton / blister or bottle with you to show the doctor or pharmacist . symptoms reported following overdose of azilect included slightly euphoric mood ( light form of mania ), extremely high blood pressure and serotonin syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you forget to take azilect do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next dose normally , when it is time to take it . if you stop taking azilect do not stop taking azilect without first talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
a doctor or a nurse will administer you levetiracetam hospira as an intravenous infusion . levetiracetam hospira must be administered twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . the intravenous formulation is an alternative to your oral administration . you can switch from the film - coated tablets or from the oral solution to the intravenous formulation or reverse directly without dose adaptation . your total daily dose and frequency of administration remain identical . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 16 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you first start taking levetiracetam hospira , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose for 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . dose in children ( 4 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : general dose : between 20 mg per kg bodyweight and 60 mg per kg bodyweight each day . method and route of administration : levetiracetam hospira is for intravenous use . the recommended dose must be diluted in at least 100 ml of a compatible diluent and infused over 15 - minutes . for doctors and nurses , more detailed direction for the proper use of levetiracetam hospira is provided in section 6 . duration of treatment : there is no experience with administration of intravenous levetiracetam for a longer period than 4 days . if you stop using levetiracetam hospira : if stopping treatment , as with other antiepileptic medicines , levetiracetam hospira should be discontinued gradually to avoid an increase of seizures . should your doctor decide to stop your levetiracetam hospira treatment , he / she will instruct you about the gradual withdrawal of levetiracetam hospira . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of rasagiline ratiopharm is 1 tablet of 1 mg taken by mouth once daily . rasagiline ratiopharm may be taken with or without food . if you take more rasagiline ratiopharm than you should if you think that you may have taken too many rasagiline ratiopharm tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . take the rasagiline ratiopharm carton / blister or bottle with you to show the doctor or pharmacist . symptoms reported following overdose of rasagiline ratiopharm included slightly euphoric mood ( light form of mania ), extremely high blood pressure and serotonin syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you forget to take rasagiline ratiopharm do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next dose normally , when it is time to take it . if you stop taking rasagiline ratiopharm do not stop taking rasagiline ratiopharm without first talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zolgensma will be given to your child by a doctor or nurse trained in the management of your child ' s condition . the amount of zolgensma your child will receive will be worked out by your child ' s doctor depending on the child ' s weight . the dose is measured in units called vector genomes . the recommended dose is 1 . 1 x 1014 vector genomes per kg of body weight . this will be given intravenously ( into a vein ) to your child by a single infusion ( drip ) over a period of approximately 1 hour . zolgensma will be given to your child once only . your child will also be given treatment with prednisolone ( or another corticosteroid ) by mouth , starting 24 hours before being given zolgensma . the dose of corticosteroid will also depend on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose of prednisolone is 1 mg per kg body weight daily . your child ' s doctor will work out the total dose to give . your child will be given corticosteroid treatment daily for approximately 2 months after the dose of zolgensma , or until your child ' s increased liver enzymes decrease to an acceptable level . the dose of corticosteroid given to your child will be slowly reduced until treatment can be fully stopped . your child ' s doctor will explain when and how they will stop this treatment for your child . if you have any further questions on the use of zolgensma or prednisolone ask your child ' s doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . modigraf should be prescribed by doctors trained to treat transplant patients and experienced in the use of medicines that control the body ' s immune system ( immunosuppressants ). make sure that you receive the same tacrolimus medicine every time you collect your prescription , unless your transplant specialist has agreed to change to a different tacrolimus medicine . this medicine should be taken twice a day . if the physical appearance has changed from the normal white granules , or if dose instructions have changed , speak to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . the starting dose to prevent the rejection of your transplanted organ will be determined by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . initial doses just after transplantation will generally be in the range of 0 . 075 - 0 . 30 mg per kg body weight per day depending on the transplanted organ . when treating rejection , these same doses may be used . your dose depends on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . children and adolescents children and adolescents will receive doses of modigraf calculated in the same way as adults . in general children need higher doses per kg of body weight to achieve the same effective levels in the blood as adults . following the initiation of your treatment with modigraf , frequent blood tests will be taken by your doctor to define the correct dose and to adjust the dose from time to time . your doctor will usually reduce your modigraf dose once your condition has stabilised . your doctor will tell you exactly how many sachets to take . you will need to take modigraf every day as long as you need immunosuppression to prevent rejection of your transplanted organ . you should keep in regular contact with your doctor . modigraf is taken orally twice daily , usually in the morning and evening . take modigraf on an empty stomach or 2 to 3 hours after a meal . wait at least 1 hour until the next meal . how to prepare the modigraf sachets for use ? your doctor will advise you on the number of sachets that you need to open and the volume of water that is required to make a suspension . for accurate measuring the volume of water you can use a syringe or graduated cylinder . pour the prescribed volume of water ( at room temperature ) into a glass or cup , up to a maximum of 50 ml . place the cup with water on a stable surface . do not use cups or spoons that are made of pvc ( polyvinylchloride ) to take modigraf because the active substance in modigraf may stick to pvc . carefully open the prescribed number of sachets , e . g . with a pair of scissors at the point indicated with an arrow . hold the opened sachet between thumb and index finger above the cup with the open side of the sachet facing downwards . gently tap on the closed end of the sachet and pour the contents of each sachet into the glass or cup containing the water . do not use any utensils or liquids to empty the sachet . if you follow these instructions , you will get the right amount of granules from the sachet . it is normal that some granules stay behind ; the sachet was designed that way . stir , or swirl gently until the granules have been suspended completely . the suspension can be drawn up with a syringe or swallowed directly by the patient . the liquid has a sweet taste . rinse the glass or cup once with the same amount of water and drink this , too . the liquid should be drunk immediately after preparation . if you take more modigraf than you should if you have accidentally taken too much modigraf , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take modigraf do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have forgotten to take your modigraf , wait until it is time for the next dose , and then continue as before . if you stop taking modigraf stopping your treatment with modigraf may increase the risk of rejection of your transplanted organ . do not stop your treatment unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the usual starting dose in adults is one 250 mg capsule three times a day . the maximum dose is one 250 mg capsule four times a day . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water at approximately the same time each day . the capsules can be taken with or without food . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how your body responds to treatment . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you need to take , and when you should take the capsules . use in children ( aged one month to 18 years ) 21 in babies and children the dose will be calculated from the child ' s weight . the starting dose will be calculated at 5 mg per kg per day . the maximum dose for children is 15 mg per kg per day . the doctor will decide how many times and when your child should receive the dose ( s ) to make up the total dose for the day . your doctor may change the dose depending on how your child responds to treatment . for babies , children and those who cannot swallow capsules and / or need to take a dose below 250 mg , a capsule may be opened and the contents mixed with 8 . 4 % sodium bicarbonate solution . the active substance will be dissolved in the sodium bicarbonate solution and as not all the contents of the capsule will be dissolved it appears as a mixture . this mixture will be provided to you by your pharmacy . your doctor or pharmacist will give you instructions on how much and how often your child needs to take the mixture . if you take more chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant than you should chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant is unlikely to cause serious side effects . you should contact your doctor for advice if you or your child has taken more than the amount prescribed . if you forget to take chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant take your next dose when you would normally take it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant without first speaking with your doctor . if you stop taking this medicine your symptoms may worsen . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zostavax should be injected under the skin or into the muscle , preferably in the upper arm . if you have a blood clotting disorder or low levels of platelets in your blood , the injection will be given under the skin . zostavax is given as a single dose . reconstitution instructions intended for healthcare professionals are included at the end of the leaflet .
always take avandia tablets exactly as your doctor has told you . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is 4 mg a day . this can be taken as one 4 mg tablet once a day , or as one 2 mg tablet taken twice a day . after about 8 weeks your doctor may need to increase your dose . the maximum dose is 8 mg of avandia a day . how to take swallow the tablets with some water . you can take avandia with or without food . take your tablets around the same time every day and follow any dietary advice that your doctor has given you . if you take more avandia than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you forget to take avandia don ' t take extra tablets to make up for a missed dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . don ' t stop taking avandia take avandia for as long as your doctor recommends . if you stop taking avandia , your blood sugar will not be controlled , and you may become unwell . talk to your doctor if you want to stop .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . recommended dose : take one tablet once a day , at the same time each day , for seven days only . take the tablet with a liquid and swallow it whole . do not chew , break , or crush the tablet . you can take it with food or between meals . your treatment will start at least 8 days before your surgery or procedure . do not change the dose or schedule for taking mulpleo unless your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . if you have severe liver disease , tell your doctor before taking mulpleo . if you take more than you should if you have taken more mulpleo than you should , talk to your doctor or go to the hospital . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may be monitored for side effects associated with excessive platelets such as blood clots ( see section 2 , ' warnings and precautions ', and section 4 , ' possible side effects '). if you forget to take a tablet if you miss a tablet of mulpleo , take it as soon as you remember on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking mulpleo do not stop taking mulpleo without talking to your doctor and do not take mulpleo for more than 7 days . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . ajovy is given by injection under your skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will explain to you or your caregiver how to give the injection . do not inject ajovy until you or your caregiver have been trained by your doctor or nurse . read the " instructions for use " for the pre - filled syringe carefully before using ajovy . how much and when to inject your doctor will discuss and decide with you the most appropriate dosing schedule . there are two alternative recommended dosing options : - one injection ( 225 mg ) once a month ( monthly dosing ) or - three injections ( 675 mg ) every 3 months ( quarterly dosing ) if your dose is 675 mg , inject the three injections one after another , each in a different place . use a reminder method such as notes in a calendar or diary to help you remember your next dose so that you do not miss a dose or have a dose too soon after the last one . if you use more ajovy than you should if you have used more ajovy than you should , tell your doctor . if you forget or miss to use ajovy if you have missed a dose of ajovy , inject your missed dose as soon as you can . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure when to inject ajovy , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
neurobloc will be given to you by a doctor with specialist experience in the treatment of cervical dystonia and in the use of botulinum toxins . how much will be given - your doctor will decide how much neurobloc to give you - the usual dose is 10 , 000 units , however , it can be higher or lower - if you have had neurobloc injections before , your doctor will take into account how well it worked the other times how neurobloc is given - neurobloc will be injected into your neck or shoulder muscles , depending on which ones are causing the problem - your doctor may inject part of the dose into different places in your muscles having more injections of neurobloc - the effects of neurobloc will usually last about 12 to 16 weeks - your doctor will decide if you need another injection and how much to give you if you think that the effect of neurobloc is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . if you are given more neurobloc than you should - if you have been given more neurobloc than you need , some of your muscles that were not injected may feel weak or you may develop symptoms away from the injected muscles , like difficulty in swallowing or breathing . this may occur when higher doses of up to 15 , 000 units are given - if you have difficulty breathing or you are worried by any symptoms you develop away from the place of the injection , talk to your doctor immediately . if he / she is unavailable seek emergency assistance . you may need urgent medical treatment a serious condition called " botulism " which causes paralysis of muscles and respiratory failure could occur if too much of the active ingredient ( botulinum toxin ) is injected into the body . if your doctor suspects that botulism may have occurred , you will be admitted to hospital and your breathing ( respiratory function ) will be monitored . recovery usually takes place over a period of time .
revlimid must be given to you by healthcare professionals with experience in treating multiple myeloma , mds , mcl or fl . when revlimid is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who cannot have a bone marrow transplant or have had other treatments before , it is taken with other medicines ( see section 1 ' what revlimid is used for '). when revlimid is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant or to treat patients with mds or mcl , it is taken alone . when revlimid is used to treat follicular lymphoma , it is taken with another medicine called ' rituximab '. always take revlimid exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you are taking revlimid in combination with other medicines , you should refer to the package leaflets for these medicines for further information on their use and effects . treatment cycle revlimid is taken on certain days over 3 weeks ( 21 days ). every 21 days is called a ' treatment cycle '. depending on the day of the cycle , you will take one or more of the medicines . however , on some days you do not take any of the medicines . after completing every 21 - day cycle , you should start a new ' cycle ' over the next 21 days . or revlimid is taken on certain days over 4 weeks ( 28 days ). every 28 days is called a ' treatment cycle '. depending on the day of the cycle , you will take one or more of the medicines . however , on some days you do not take any of the medicines . after completing every 28 - day cycle , you should start a new ' cycle ' over the next 28 days . how much revlimid to take before you start treatment , your doctor will tell you : how much revlimid you should take how much of the other medicines you should take in combination with revlimid , if any on what days of your treatment cycle to take each medicine . how and when to take revlimid swallow the capsules whole , preferably with water . do not break , open or chew the capsules . if powder from a broken revlimid capsule makes contact with the skin , wash the skin immediately and thoroughly with soap and water . healthcare professionals , caregivers and family members should wear disposable gloves when handling the blister or capsule . gloves should then be removed carefully to prevent skin exposure , placed in a sealable plastic polyethylene bag and disposed of in accordance with local requirements . hands should then be washed thoroughly with soap and water . women who are pregnant or suspect they may be pregnant should not handle the blister or capsule . the capsules can be taken either with or without food . you should take revlimid at about the same time on the scheduled days . taking this medicine to remove the capsule from the blister : press only one end of the capsule out to push it through the foil do not put pressure on the centre of the capsule , as this can cause it to break . duration of the treatment with revlimid revlimid is taken in treatment cycles , each cycle lasting 21 or 28 days ( see above ' treatment cycle '). you should continue the cycles of treatment until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more revlimid than you should if you take more revlimid than was prescribed , tell your doctor immediately . if you forget to take revlimid if you forget to take revlimid at your regular time and : less than 12 hours have passed - take your capsule immediately . more than 12 hours have passed - do not take your capsule . take your next capsule at the usual time the next day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
use in adults this medicine is used in combination with fludarabine . the recommended dose is 1014 g / m² body surface area ( calculated using your height and weight ). use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in combination with fludarabine and in most cases also with thiotepa . the recommended dose is 1014 g / m² body surface area . how trecondi is given this medicine will be given to you by your doctor . it is given by drip ( infusion ) into a vein over 2 hours for 3 days before blood stem cell infusion . if you were given more trecondi than you should because this medicine is given by a doctor , you will be given the correct dose . however , if you think you have received more of this medicine than you should , tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take the number of tablets following your doctor ' s instructions . levetiracetam accord must be taken twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 16 years of age ) general dose : between 1000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking levetiracetam accord , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 1000 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . an oral solution is a formulation more appropriate to infants and children under the age of 6 years and to children and adolescent ( from 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50kg and when tablets don ' t allow accurate dosage . method of administration swallow levetiracetam accord with a sufficient quantity of liquid ( e . g . a glass of water ). you may take levetiracetam accord with or without food . after oral administration the bitter taste of levetiracetam may be experienced . duration of treatment - levetiracetam accord is used as a chronic treatment . you should continue levetiracetam accord treatment for as long as your doctor has told you . - do not stop your treatment without your doctor ' s advice as this could increase your seizures . if you take more levetiracetam accord than you should the possible side effects of an overdose of levetiracetam are sleepiness , agitation , aggression , decrease of alertness , inhibition of breathing and coma . contact your doctor if you took more tablets than you should . your doctor will establish the best possible treatment of overdose . if you forget to take levetiracetam accord contact your doctor if you have missed one or more doses . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking levetiracetam accord if stopping treatment , levetiracetam accord should be discontinued gradually to avoid an increase of seizures . should your doctor decide to stop your levetiracetam accord treatment , he / she will instruct you about the gradual withdrawal of levetiracetam accord . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with nulojix will be prescribed and supervised by a specialist in kidney transplantation . nulojix will be given to you by a healthcare professional . it will be given to you by infusion ( as a " drip ") into one of your veins over a period of about 30 minutes . the recommended dose is based on your body weight ( in kg ) and will be calculated by a healthcare professional . the dose and treatment frequency is given below . initial phase dose day of transplantation , prior to implantation ( day 1 ) 10 mg / kg day 5 , day 14 and day 28 end of week 8 and week 12 after transplantation maintenance phase dose every 4 weeks (± 3 days ) starting at end of week 16 after transplantation 5 mg / kg information for medical and healthcare professionals on dose calculation , preparation and administration of nulojix is provided at the end of the leaflet . if you are given more nulojix than you should if this happens , your doctor will monitor you for any signs or symptoms of side effects , and treat these symptoms if necessary . if you forget to use nulojix it is very important for you to keep all appointments to receive nulojix . if you miss receiving nulojix when you are supposed to , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you stop using nulojix your body may reject the transplanted kidney if you stop using nulojix . the decision to stop using nulojix should be discussed with your doctor and another therapy will generally be started . if you stop treatment with nulojix for a long period of time , without taking any other medicines to prevent rejection , and then restart , it is not known if belatacept will have the same effect as before . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with advate will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . your doctor will calculate your dose of advate ( in international units or iu ) depending on your condition and body weight , and on whether it is used for prevention or treatment of bleeding . the frequency of administration will depend on how well advate is working for you . usually , the replacement therapy with advate is a life - long treatment . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . prevention of bleeding the usual dose of octocog alfa is 20 to 40 iu per kg body weight , administered every 2 to 3 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . treatment of bleeding the dose of octocog alfa is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . dose ( iu ) = body weight ( kg ) x desired factor viii rise (% of normal ) x 0 . 5 if you have the impression that the effect of advate is insufficient , talk to your doctor . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels . this is particularly important if you are having major surgery . use in children and adolescents ( from 0 to 18 years of age ) for the treatment of bleeding the dosing in children does not differ from adult patients . for the prevention of bleeding in children under the age of 6 , doses of 20 to 50 iu per kg body weight 3 to 4 times weekly are recommended . the administration of advate in children ( intravenously ) does not differ from the administration in adults . a central venous access device ( cvad ) may become necessary to allow frequent infusions of factor viii products . how advate is given advate is usually injected into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . you or someone else might also administer advate as an injection , but only after receiving adequate training . detailed instructions for self - administration are given at the end of this package leaflet . if you use more advate than you should always take advate exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you inject more advate than recommended , tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use advate do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . proceed with the next injection as scheduled and continue as advised by your doctor . if you stop using advate do not stop using advate without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will decide on the dose and schedule of administration , which are most appropriate for you during this course of treatment . more user - friendly presentations are available for self administration by patients at home . consult your doctor to find out if a more suitable alternative may be available for you . how much to use luveris is usually used every day for up to three weeks simultaneously with injections of fsh . the usual starting dose is 75 iu ( 1 vial ) of luveris together with 75 iu or 150 iu of fsh . according to your response , your doctor may increase your dose of fsh by preferably 37 . 5 - 75 iu at 7 to 14 - day intervals . your physician may decide to extend your treatment up to 5 weeks . when the desired response has been obtained , a single injection of hcg is given 24 to 48 hours after the last injections of luveris and fsh . you are recommended to have sexual intercourse on the day of , and the day following , administration of the hcg . alternatively , intra - uterine insemination ( iui ) may be performed . if an excessive response is obtained , treatment should be stopped and hcg withheld ( see section ' possible side effects '). for the following cycle , your doctor will prescribe fsh at a lower dose than that of the previous cycle . method of administration luveris is intended for subcutaneous use which means it is given by injection under the skin . each vial is for single use only . if you administer luveris to yourself , please carefully read the following instructions : wash your hands . it is important that your hands and the items you use be as clean as possible . assemble everything you need . find a clean area and lay out everything : - one vial of luveris , - one ampoule of solvent , - two alcohol swabs , - one syringe , - one reconstitution needle for dissolving the powder in the solvent , - a fine - bore needle for subcutaneous injection , - a sharps container for safe disposal of glass and needles . open the ampoule of solvent : on the head of the solvent ampoule , you will see a small coloured dot . directly below it is where the neck of the ampoule has been treated to make it easier to break . gently flick the top section of the ampoule so that any fluid in the neck of the ampoule drops into the bottom chamber . now press the ampoule firmly over the neck , and break the ampoule away from the coloured dot . carefully place the open ampoule upright on the work - surface . draw up the solvent : attach the reconstitution needle to the syringe , with the syringe in one hand , pick up the open ampoule , insert the needle and draw up all of the solvent . carefully set the syringe down on the work - surface , taking care not to touch the needle . prepare the injection solution : remove the protective cap from the luveris powder vial , pick up your syringe and slowly inject the solvent into the vial of luveris . swirl gently without removing the syringe . do not shake . after the powder has dissolved ( which usually occurs immediately ), check that the resulting solution is clear and does not contain any particles . turn the vial upside down and gently draw the solution back into the syringe . you may also mix luveris and follitropin alfa as an alternative to injecting each product separately . after dissolving the luveris powder , draw the solution back into the syringe and re - inject it into the container with the follitropin alfa powder . once the powder has dissolved , draw the solution back into the syringe . inspect for particles as before , and do not use if the solution is not clear . up to 3 containers of powder may be dissolved in 1 ml of solvent . change the needle for the fine - bore needle and remove any air bubbles : if you see air bubbles in the syringe , hold the syringe with the needle pointing upwards and gently flick the syringe until all the air collects at the top . gently push the plunger until the air bubbles are gone . immediately inject the solution : your doctor or nurse will have already advised you where to inject ( e . g . tummy , front of thigh ). wipe the chosen area with an alcohol swab . firmly pinch the skin together and insert the needle at a 45 ° to 90 ° angle using a dart - like motion . inject under the skin , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a vein . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . take as much time as you need to inject all the solution . immediately withdraw the needle and clean the skin with an alcohol swab using a circular motion . dispose of all used items : once you have finished your injection , immediately discard all needles and empty glass containers in the sharps container provided . any unused solution must be discarded . if you use more luveris than you should the effects of an overdose of luveris are unknown , nevertheless there is a possibility that ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome may occur , which is further described in ' possible side effects '. however this will only occur if hcg is administered ( see section ' warnings and precautions '). if you forget to use luveris do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take acomplia exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 20 mg tablet to be taken once daily in the morning before breakfast . swallow the tablet whole . you need to start and continue a reduced calorie diet and a physical activity program to get best results . your doctor should recommend the type of diet and the level of physical activity required , that suits your specific condition and overall health . taking acomplia with food and drink acomplia should be taken once daily in the morning before breakfast . if you take more acomplia than you should if you take more acomplia than you should tell a doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take acomplia take it as soon as you remember but do not take a double dose to make up for any forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product ask your doctor or your pharmacist .
receiving this medicine ibandronic acid accord is normally given by a doctor or other medical staff who have experience with the treatment of cancer . it is given as an infusion into your vein . your doctor may do regular blood tests while you are receiving ibandronic acid accord . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will work out how much ibandronic acid accord you will be given depending on your illness . if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones , then the recommended dose is 6 mg every 3 - 4 weeks , as an infusion in your vein over at least 15 minutes . if you have raised calcium level in your blood due to a tumour then the recommended dose is a single administration of 2 mg or 4 mg , depending on the severity of your illness . the medicine should be administered as an infusion in your vein over two hours . a repeated dose may be considered in case of insufficient response or if your illness reappears . your doctor may adjust your dose and duration of intravenous infusion if you have kidney problems . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
hospital intensive care dexdor is administered to you by a doctor or nurse in hospital intensive care . procedural sedation / awake sedation dexdor is administered to you by a doctor or a nurse prior to and / or during diagnostic or surgical procedures requiring sedation , i . e . procedural / awake sedation . your doctor will decide on a suitable dose for you . the amount of dexdor depends on your age , size , general condition of health , the level of sedation needed and how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may change your dose if needed and will monitor your heart and blood pressure during the treatment . dexdor is diluted and it is given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into your veins . after sedation / wake - up - the doctor will keep you under medical supervision for some hours after the sedation to make sure that you feel well . - you should not go home unaccompanied . - medicines to help you sleep , cause sedation or strong painkillers may not be appropriate for some time after you have been given dexdor . talk to your doctor about the use of these medicines and about the use of alcohol . if you have been given more dexdor than you should 27 if you are given too much dexdor , your blood pressure may go up or down , your heartbeat may slow down , you may breathe more slowly and you may feel more drowsy . your doctor will know how to treat you based on your condition . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than this recommended dose of one tablet ( 20 mg ) a day , even if you don ' t feel an improvement immediately . you may need to take the tablets for 2 or 3 days in a row before your reflux symptoms ( for example , heartburn and acid regurgitation ) get better . the treatment length is up to 14 days . when your reflux symptoms have completely gone you should stop taking this medicine . if your reflux symptoms get worse or do not improve after taking this medicine for 14 days in a row , you should consult a doctor . if you have persistent or longstanding , frequently recurring symptoms even after treatment with this medicine , you should contact your doctor . taking this medicine you can take your tablet at any time of the day either with food or on an empty stomach . swallow your tablet whole with half a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . this is because the tablet contains coated pellets , which stop the medicine from being broken down by the acid in your stomach . it is important not to damage the pellets . alternative method of taking this medicine put the tablet in a glass of still ( non - fizzy ) water . do not use any other liquids . stir until the tablet breaks up ( the mixture will not be clear ) then drink the mixture straight away or within 30 minutes . always stir the mixture just before drinking it . to make sure that you have drunk all of the medicine , rinse the glass very well with half a glass of water and drink it . the solid pieces contain the medicine do not chew or crush them . if you take more nexium control than you should if you take more nexium control than recommended , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may experience symptoms such as diarrhoea , stomach ache , constipation , feeling or being sick and weakness . if you forget to take nexium control if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
diagnostic procedures involving the use of contrast agents should be conducted under supervision of a physician with the prerequisite training and a thorough knowledge of the procedure to be performed . the usual dose the usual dose of 0 . 2 ml / kg body weight is the same in adults and children of 2 years and older . it would account for 14 ml for a 70 kg individual , and this volume would be injected over about 7 - 14 seconds into a vein , usually a vein in an arm . the injection is then flushed through with a saline injection to make sure none is left in the needle or tube used for the injection . in adults , a second dose may be given within 30 minutes of the first injection . when looking at certain abnormalities in the brain , optimark may need to be used at three times the usual dose in one injection in adults . the 35 doctor will decide how much optimark is needed for your examination . you must tell the doctor or nurse / technologist immediately if you feel pain around the area where the needle is placed . dosage in special patient groups in patients with moderate kidney problems , more than one dose of optimark should not be used during a scan . optimark injections should not be repeated unless the interval between injections is at least 7 days . it is not necessary to adjust your dose if you are 65 years of age or older but you will have a blood test to check how well your kidneys are working . if you are given more optimark than you should have been if too much optimark was injected it is unlikely that it will do you much harm , as much higher doses did not lead to any problems when some people received them . if your kidneys are working normally it is unlikely you will have any problems . optimark can be removed using dialysis . if you think you have been injected with too much optimark , tell the doctor or nurse / technologist immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 500 micrograms tablet once daily . swallow the tablet with some water . you may take this medicine with or without food . take the tablet at the same time every day . you may need to take daliresp for several weeks to achieve its beneficial effect . if you take more daliresp than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , you may experience the following symptoms : headache , nausea , diarrhoea , dizziness , throbbing of your heart , light - headedness , clamminess and low blood pressure . tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if possible take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take daliresp if you forget to take a tablet at the usual time , take the tablet as soon as you remember on the same day . if on one day you have forgotten to take a tablet of daliresp , just carry on the next day with the next tablet as usual . continue taking your medicine at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking daliresp it is important to continue taking daliresp for as long as prescribed by your doctor , even when you have no symptoms , in order to maintain control of your lung function . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . you will usually start by taking 24 mg / 26 mg or 49 mg / 51 mg twice a day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). your doctor will decide your exact starting dose based on which medicines you have been taking previously . your doctor will then adjust the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment until the best dose for you is found . the usual recommended target dose is 97 mg / 103 mg twice a day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). patients taking neparvis can develop low blood pressure ( dizziness , light - headedness ), a high level of potassium in the blood ( which would be detected when your doctor performed a blood test ) or decreased kidney function . if this happens , your doctor may reduce the dose of any other medicine you are taking , temporarily reduce your neparvis dose , or stop your neparvis treatment completely . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take neparvis with or without food . if you take more neparvis than you should if you have accidentally taken too many neparvis tablets , or if someone else has taken your tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you experience severe dizziness and / or fainting , tell your doctor as quickly as possible and lie down . if you forget to take neparvis it is advisable to take your medicine at the same time each day . however , if you forget to take a dose , you should simply take the next one at the scheduled time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking neparvis stopping your treatment with neparvis may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of prometax to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken prometax for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking prometax . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take prometax twice a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more prometax than you should if you accidentally take more prometax than you should , inform your doctor . you may require medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much prometax have experienced feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high blood pressure and hallucinations . slow heartbeat and fainting may also occur . if you forget to take prometax if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of prometax , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
spherox can only be implanted by a specialist doctor in a medical facility and must only be used in the patient for whom it has been prepared . the treatment of adults with spherox is a two - step procedure : visit 1 : evaluation of the cartilage defect , sample and blood taking on the first visit , the doctor will evaluate your cartilage defect during an exploratory operation . this is usually done as keyhole surgery through very small incisions ( cuts ), using a special instrument to look inside the knee ( arthroscopy ). if spherox is appropriate for you , the doctor takes a small cartilage sample from your joint . your cartilage cells are extracted from this sample in a laboratory and are then grown to make the spheroids that constitute spherox . the process takes about 6 to 8 weeks . visit 2 : spherox implantation spherox is implanted into the cartilage defect in the joint during the next operation . this may also be carried out by keyhole surgery . rehabilitation in order to allow your joint to recover well , you will have to follow an individual rehabilitation program . this may take up to one year . your doctor or physical therapist will advise you . very important : carefully comply with the recommendations of your doctor and physical therapist . the risk of treatment failure may increase if you do not follow your rehabilitation schedule . be very careful when bending and putting weight on your treated joint . during the rehabilitation period , the amount of weight you can put on the joint will increase gradually . how quickly this occurs depends for example on your body weight and the size of the cartilage defect . depending on the treated joint , you may have to wear a brace . ask your doctor or physical therapist if you have any further questions about treatment with spherox .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of onglyza is 5 mg once a day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . this is one 2 . 5 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may prescribe onglyza alone or together with insulin or other anti - diabetic medicines . if applicable , remember to take these other medicines as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . how to take onglyza the tablets must not be split or cut . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take the tablet with or without food . the tablet can be taken at any time of the day , however , try to take your tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . if you take more onglyza than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor straight away . if you forget to take onglyza if you forget to take a dose of onglyza , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . never take two doses on the same day . if you stop taking onglyza keep taking onglyza until your doctor tells you to stop . this is to help keep your blood sugar under control . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin sandoz is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you to take pregabalin sandoz either twice or three times a day . for twice a day take pregabalin sandoz once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . for three times a day take pregabalin sandoz once in the morning , once in the afternoon and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin sandoz is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin sandoz normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin sandoz until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin sandoz than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin sandoz capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin sandoz than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin sandoz it is important to take your pregabalin sandoz capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin sandoz do not stop taking pregabalin sandoz unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term pregabalin sandoz treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , headache , nausea , feeling anxious , diarrhoea , flu - like symptoms , convulsions , nervousness , depression , pain , sweating , and dizziness . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking pregabalin sandoz for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or health care professional will give you cyanokit by infusion into a vein . you may need one or two infusions . you will have the first infusion of cyanokit over 15 minutes . for adults , the initial dose is 5 g . for children , it is 70 mg / kg body weight , up to a maximum dose of 5 g . if you need a second infusion , you will have it over 15 minutes to 2 hours . it depends on how serious the poisoning is . the maximum total recommended dose is 10 g for adults , and 140 mg / kg in children up to a maximum of 10 g . detailed instructions for your doctor or other health care professional on how to prepare the cyanokit infusion and how to determine the dose can be found at the end of this package leaflet ( see ' handling instructions '). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of 20 mg pantoprazole daily . you should take this medicine for at least 2 - 3 consecutive days . stop taking controloc control when you are completely symptom - free . you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day of treatment with controloc control , but this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . if you have no symptom - relief after taking this medicine for 2 weeks continuously , consult your doctor . do not take controloc control tablets for more than 4 weeks without consulting your doctor . take the tablet before a meal , at the same time every day . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or break the tablet . if you take more controloc control than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have taken more than the recommended dose . if possible take your medicine and this leaflet with you 25 if you forget to take controloc control do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . take your next , normal dose , the next day , at your usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use this medicine until your doctor has shown you the right way to use it . this medicine should only be used for actinic keratosis on the face and scalp . dosage apply this medicine to the affected area once a day just before bedtime . maximum daily dose is 2 sachets ( 500 mg = 2 sachets of 250 mg each ). this medicine should not be applied to areas larger than either the full face or balding scalp . method of administration 1 . before going to bed , wash your hands and the treatment area carefully with mild soap and water . dry hands thoroughly and allow the area to dry . 2 . open a new sachet of zyclara just before use and squeeze some cream onto your fingertip . no more than 2 sachets should be used per application . 3 . apply a thin layer of zyclara to the affected area . rub gently into the area until the cream vanishes . avoid contact with the eyes , lips and nostrils . 4 . after application of the cream , throw away the opened sachet . wash hands well with soap and water . 5 . leave zyclara on the skin for about 8 hours . do not shower or bathe the area during this time . do not cover the treated area with bandages or other dressings . 6 . after about 8 hours , wash the area where zyclara was applied with mild soap and water . duration of treatment the treatment starts with a daily application for two weeks , followed by a break without any application for two weeks , and then ends with a daily application again for two weeks . if you use more zyclara than you should if you have applied too much cream , wash the extra away with mild soap and water . when any skin reaction has gone you may then continue with your treatment in the recommended regular schedule . the cream should not be applied more than once daily . if you accidentally swallow this medicine please contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to use zyclara if you miss a dose of zyclara , wait until the next night to apply it and then continue with the regular schedule . the cream should not be applied more than once daily . each treatment cycle should last no longer than two weeks , even if you have missed doses . if you stop using zyclara talk to your doctor before you stop treatment with zyclara . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will give vimizim to you by an infusion into a vein . the medicine has to be diluted before being given . your doctor or nurse will give you some medicines before your treatment to reduce allergic reactions and you may also be given medicines to help control any fever . dose the dose you receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose regimen for adults and children is 2 mg / kg body weight given once every week through a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). each infusion will be given over approximately 4 hours . treatment with vimizim may be started at as young as an age possible and is intended for long term use . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take a tablet at the same time each day . you can take kinzalkomb with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take kinzalkomb every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg / 12 . 5 mg once a day . if you take more kinzalkomb than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets you may experience symptoms such as low blood pressure and rapid heartbeat . slow heartbeat , dizziness , vomiting , reduced kidney function including kidney failure , have also been reported . due to the hydrochlorothiazide component , markedly low blood pressure and low blood levels of potassium can also happen , which may result in nausea , sleepiness and muscle cramps and / or irregular heartbeat associated with the concomitant use of drugs such as digitalis or certain anti - arrhythmic treatments . contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take kinzalkomb if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with betaferon should be started under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : every other day ( once every two days ), 1 . 0 ml of the prepared betaferon solution ( see annex ' self - injection procedure ' in the second part of this leaflet ) injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this equals 250 microgram ( 8 . 0 million iu ) interferon beta - 1b . when starting treatment with betaferon , it is tolerated best by gradually increasing the dose , i . e . starting with just 0 . 25 ml of the medication and then increasing , after every 3rd injection , first to 0 . 5 ml , then to 0 . 75 ml and then finally to the full dose ( 1 ml ) of betaferon . your doctor may decide , together with you , to change the time interval between increases in the dose depending on side effects you may experience at the start of treatment . to easily increase the dosage during the first 12 injections , you may be given a special titration pack , containing four differently coloured packs with specially marked syringes and with detailed instructions on the separate introductory leaflet for titration pack . preparing the injection before injection , the betaferon solution has to be prepared from a vial of betaferon powder and 1 . 2 ml of liquid from the pre - filled solvent syringe . this will either be done by your doctor or nurse or by yourself after you have been carefully trained . for details how the betaferon solution for injection is prepared see annex ' self - injection procedure ', part i . detailed instructions for self - injection of betaferon under the skin are provided in part ie of the annex ' self - injection procedure '. the injection site must be changed regularly . see section 2 . ' warnings and precautions ' and follow the instructions in part ii ' rotating injection sites ' and part iii ( betaferon medication record ) of the annex ' self - injection procedure '. duration of treatment at present it is not known how long treatment with betaferon should last . the length of treatment will be decided by your doctor together with you . if you use more betaferon than you should giving many times the dose of betaferon recommended for the treatment of multiple sclerosis has not led to life - threatening situations . talk to your doctor if you injected too much betaferon or injected it too often . if you forget to use betaferon if you have forgotten to give yourself an injection at the right time do it as soon as you remember and then follow on with the next one 48 hours later . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten single dose . if you stop using betaferon talk to your doctor if you stop or wish to stop treatment . stopping betaferon is not known to lead to acute withdrawal symptoms . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take one tablet : twice daily by mouth with meals to lower your chance of an upset stomach . your doctor may need to increase your dose to control your blood sugar . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue the diet recommended by your doctor during treatment with this medicine and take care that your carbohydrate intake is equally distributed over the day . this medicine alone is unlikely to cause abnormally low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). when this medicine is used with a sulphonylurea medicine or with insulin , low blood sugar can occur and your doctor may reduce the dose of your sulphonylurea or insulin . if you take more efficib than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . go to the hospital if you have symptoms of lactic acidosis such as feeling cold or uncomfortable , severe nausea or vomiting , stomach ache , unexplained weight loss , muscular cramps , or rapid breathing ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you forget to take efficib if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking efficib continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking efficib , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine your dose depending on your weight and the type of infection you have . the recommended dose for adults ( including elderly patients ) is as follows : 119 tablets patients 40 kg and above patients less than 40 kg dose for the first 24 hours 400 mg every 12 hours for 200 mg every 12 hours for ( loading dose ) the first 24 hours the first 24 hours dose after the first 24 hours 200 mg twice a day 100 mg twice a day ( maintenance dose ) depending on your response to treatment , your doctor may increase the daily dose to 300 mg twice a day . the doctor may decide to decrease the dose if you have mild to moderate cirrhosis . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose for children and teenagers is as follows : tablets children aged 2 to less than 12 years and teenagers aged 12 to 14 years weighing less than 50 kg teenagers aged 12 to 14 years weighing 50 kg or more ; and all teenagers older than 14 dose for the first 24 hours ( loading dose ) your treatment will be started as an infusion 400 mg every 12 hours for the first 24 hours dose after the first 24 hours ( maintenance dose ) 9 mg / kg twice a day ( a maximum dose of 350 mg twice daily ) 200 mg twice a day depending on your response to treatment , your doctor may increase or decrease the daily dose . tablets must only be given if the child is able to swallow tablets . take your tablet at least one hour before , or one hour after a meal . swallow the tablet whole with some water . if you or your child are taking vfend for prevention of fungal infections , your doctor may stop giving vfend if you or your child develop treatment related side effects . if you take more vfend than you should if you take more tablets than prescribed ( or if someone else takes your tablets ) you must seek medical advice or go to the nearest hospital casualty department immediately . take your box of vfend tablets with you . you may experience abnormal intolerance to light as a result of taking more vfend than you should . if you forget to take vfend it is important to take your vfend tablets regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take one dose , take your next dose when it is due . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vfend it has been shown that taking all doses at the appropriate times may greatly increase the effectiveness of your medicine . therefore unless your doctor instructs you to stop treatment , it is important to keep taking vfend correctly , as described above . continue taking vfend until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop treatment early because your infection may not be cured . patients with a weakened immune system or those with difficult infections may require long - term treatment to prevent the infection from returning . when vfend treatment is stopped by your doctor you should not experience any effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine glenmark europe orodispersible tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of olanzapine glenmark europe is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking olanzapine glenmark europe unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your olanzapine glenmark europe orodispersible tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . olanzapine glenmark europe orodispersible tablets are for oral use . put the tablet in your mouth . it will dissolve directly in your mouth , so that it can be easily swallowed . you can also place the tablet in a full glass or cup of water or other suitable beverage ( orange juice , apple juice , milk or coffee ) and stir . drink it straightaway . if you take more olanzapine glenmark europe than you should patients who have taken more olanzapine glenmark europe than they should , have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may be : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take olanzapine glenmark europe take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking olanzapine glenmark europe do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking olanzapine glenmark europe for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking olanzapine glenmark europe , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . although lantus contains the same active substance as toujeo ( insulin glargine 300 units / ml ), these medicines are not interchangeable . the switch from one insulin therapy to another requires medical prescription , medical supervision and blood glucose monitoring . please , consult your doctor for further information . dose based on your life - style and the results of your blood sugar ( glucose ) tests and your previous insulin usage , your doctor will : - determine how much lantus per day you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of lantus . lantus is a long - acting insulin . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting insulin or with tablets used to treat high blood sugar levels . many factors may influence your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . use in children and adolescents lantus can be used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . frequency of administration you need one injection of lantus every day , at the same time of the day . method of administration lantus is injected under the skin . do not inject lantus in a vein , since this will change its action and may cause hypoglycaemia . your doctor will show you in which area of the skin you should inject lantus . with each injection , change the puncture site within the particular area of skin that you are using . how to handle the vials look at the vial before you use it . only use it if the solution is clear , colourless and waterlike , and has no visible particles in it . do not shake or mix it before use . make sure that neither alcohol nor other disinfectants or other substances contaminate the insulin . do not mix lantus with any other insulins or medicines . do not dilute it . mixing or diluting may change the action of lantus . always use a new vial if you notice that your blood sugar control is unexpectedly getting worse . this is because the insulin may have lost some of its effectiveness . if you think you may have a problem with lantus , have it checked by your doctor or pharmacist insulin mix - ups you must always check the insulin label before each injection to avoid mix - ups between lantus and other insulins . if you use more lantus than you should if you have injected too much lantus , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hypoglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of hypoglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use lantus if you have missed a dose of lantus or if you have not injected enough insulin , your blood sugar level may become too high ( hyperglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . for information on the treatment of hyperglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using lantus this could lead to severe hyperglycaemia ( very high blood sugar ) and ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). do not stop lantus without speaking to a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . your doctor may tell you to use a different dose of suliqua compared to your previous insulin dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . based on your lifestyle , your blood sugar tests and your previous insulin use , your doctor will tell you : how much suliqua you need each day and at what time . when to check your blood sugar level and if you need to carry out urine tests . when you may need a higher or lower dose . your doctor may tell you to use suliqua with other medicines for high blood sugar . how much to use suliqua 100 units / ml + 50 micrograms / ml pre - filled pen : this pen provides a dose of 10 to 40 dose steps in one injection , in steps of 1 dose step . each dose step you dial contains 1 unit of insulin glargine and 0 . 5 micrograms of lixisenatide . your dose of suliqua is administered as ' dose steps '. the dose window on the pen shows the number of dose steps . do not inject a dose lower than 10 dose steps . do not inject a dose higher than 40 dose steps . if a dose greater than 40 dose steps is needed , your doctor will prescribe a different strength . for dose steps from 30 - 60 units , suliqua 100 units / ml + 33 micrograms / ml solution for injection in a pre - filled pen is available . many factors may affect your blood sugar level . you should know what they are so that you can take the right action if your blood sugar level changes and help stop it becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for more information . use in elderly patients ( 65 years and older ) if you are 65 years or older , talk to your doctor as you may need a lower dose . if you have kidney or liver problems 40 if you have kidney or liver problems , talk to your doctor as you may need a lower dose . when to inject suliqua use suliqua once a day , within 1 hour before a meal . preferably inject suliqua before the same meal every day , when you have chosen the most convenient way . before injecting suliqua always follow the " instructions for use " that come with this package leaflet . if you do not follow all of these instructions , you may get too much or too little of suliqua . to avoid mistakes , always check the medicine pack and label on the pen before each injection to make sure you have the correct pen , especially if you inject more than one medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . other important information about using the pre - filled pens always use a new needle for each injection . the re - use of needles increases the risk of blocked needles which may cause under - or overdosing . dispose of the needle safely after each use . to prevent infection being passed from one person to another , pens should never be used for more than one person , even when the needle is changed only use needles that are compatible with suliqua pen ( see " instructions for use "). a safety test must be performed before each injection . if you think your pen is damaged , do not use it . get a new one . do not try to repair the pen . throw away the used needle in a sharps container , or as told by your pharmacist or local authority . how to inject suliqua is injected under the skin ( subcutaneous use or " sc "). inject it into the front of your thighs , upper arms or the front of your waist ( abdomen ). change the place within the area you inject each day . this will reduce the risk of developing dents or lumps at the site ( for more information , see " other side effects " in section 4 ). do not use suliqua : in a vein . this will change the way it works and may cause your blood sugar to become too low . if there are particles in the suliqua . the solution should be clear , colourless and water - like . never use a syringe to remove the solution from the pen to avoid dosing errors and potential overdose . if the pen is damaged , has not been stored correctly , if you are not sure that it is working properly or you notice that your blood sugar control is unexpectedly getting worse : throw the pen away and use a new one . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you think you have a problem with your pen . if you use more suliqua than you should if you have injected too much of this medicine , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). check your blood sugar and eat more food to prevent your blood sugar getting too low ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar gets too low , see the advice in the box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use suliqua if you have missed a dose of suliqua or if you have not injected enough insulin , your blood sugar level may become too high ( hyperglycaemia ): when needed , suliqua can be injected before the next meal . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not use two injections per day check your blood sugar and then inject your next dose at the usual time . for information on the treatment of hyperglycaemia , see the box at the end of this leaflet . if you stop using suliqua do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you do , it could lead to very high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) and a build - up of acid in the blood ( ketoacidosis ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 10 mg . take a levitra tablet about 25 to 60 minutes before sexual activity . with sexual stimulation you may achieve an erection anywhere from 25 minutes up to four to five hours after taking levitra . - swallow one tablet with a glass of water . do not take levitra film - coated tablets with any other forms of levitra . do not take levitra more than once a day . tell your doctor if you think levitra is too strong or too weak . he or she may suggest a switch to an alternative levitra formulation with a different dose , depending on how well it works for you . if you take more levitra than you should men who take too much levitra may experience more side effects or may get severe back pain . if you take more levitra than you should , tell your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
nexobrid is for use by specialists in burn clinics only . it will be prepared directly before use and applied by a doctor or another healthcare professional . 2 g nexobrid powder mixed in 20 g gel is applied to a burn wound area of 100 cm2 . it should be left for 4 hours , and then be removed . a second and subsequent application is not recommended . nexobrid should not be applied to more than 15 % ( one eighth ) of the total body surface . instructions for the preparation of the nexobrid gel are given at the end of this leaflet in the section intended for medical or healthcare professionals . before it is applied to a burn wound , nexobrid powder is mixed into a gel . it should be used within 15 minutes after mixing . nexobrid will be applied to a wound area that is clean , blister free , and moist . other medicines ( such as silver sulfadiazine or povidone - iodine ) will be removed from the wound area before nexobrid is applied . before nexobrid application , a dressing soaked with an antibacterial solution will be applied for 2 hours . you will be given appropriate medicine to prevent and treat pain at least 15 minutes before nexobrid is applied . after nexobrid and the dead tissue have been removed from the wound , a dressing soaked with an antibacterial solution will be applied for an additional 2 hours . the vial containing nexobrid powder , gel bottle , and the prepared nexobrid gel should only be used for one patient . if too much nexobrid is used if too much nexobrid gel is applied on a burn wound , excess gel may be wiped off . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
savene will be given to you under the control of a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer treatments . recommended dose the dose will depend on your height , weight and kidney function . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meter ( m2 ) to determine the dose you should receive . the recommended adult dose ( with normal kidney function ) is : day 1 : 1000 mg / m2 day 2 : 1000 mg / m2 day 3 : 500 mg / m2 your doctor may reduce your dose if you have kidney problems . savene will be given by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last 1 - 2 hours . frequency of administration you will receive your infusion once daily for 3 consecutive days . the first infusion will be given as soon as possible and within the first six hours after extravasation of an anthracycline medicine . savene infusion will be given at the same time every day of your treatment . savene will not be used again at the time of your next anthracycline cycle , except if extravasation occurs again . if you receive more savene than you should if you receive more savene than you should , you will be closely monitored with specific attention to your blood cells , potential gastro - intestinal signs , skin reactions and hair loss . if savene comes into contact with the skin , the affected area should immediately be rinsed thoroughly with water . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
initiation and follow up of the treatment must be supervised by specialists in endocrinology . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will test your blood before you start the treatment and regularly during the treatment to detect any possible abnormalities and also to measure the levels of cortisol . the dose will be adapted to your condition with the aim to restore normal cortisol levels . the recommended initial dose is usually 600 mg per day taken orally ( 3 tablets per day in 3 divided times ). a daily dose from 400 mg per day ( 2 tablets ) to 1 , 200 mg per day ( 6 tablets ) taken orally in 2 to 3 divided doses may be required to restore your normal cortisol levels . if you take more ketoconazole hra than you should if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of ketoconazole hra , you must contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ketoconazole hra do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you forget to take one dose , take this dose as soon as you remember . then go on with regular schedule as prescribed . do not change the prescribed dose yourself . if you stop taking ketoconazole hra if you interrupt your treatment with ketoconazole hra your cortisol level may increase again and your symptoms may come back . therefore , do not stop taking ketoconazole hra unless your doctor tells you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take adults the recommended dose is 3 capsules of 200 mg once a day ( total amount 600 mg ). if you feel unwell , sometimes your doctor may lower your dose , stop treatment for a short time or stop treatment completely . children rozlytrek can be used in children 12 years of age and older . your doctor will work out the correct dose to use this will depend on the height and weight of the child . how to take take rozlytrek by mouth with or without food . swallow each capsule whole . do not open or dissolve the capsules since the contents of the capsule are very bitter . if you vomit after taking rozlytrek if you vomit immediately after taking a dose of rozlytrek , take another dose . if you take more rozlytrek than you should if you take more rozlytrek than you should , talk to a doctor or go to hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take rozlytrek if your next dose is more than 12 hours later , take the missed dose as soon as you remember . if there are less than 12 hours until your next dose , do not take the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you stop taking rozlytrek do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . it is important to take rozlytrek every day for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is two puffs twice a day two puffs in the morning and two puffs in the evening . it is important to use trixeo aerosphere every day even if you have no copd symptoms at the time . remember : always rinse your mouth with water after using trixeo aerosphere . this is to remove any medicine which is left in the mouth . spit this water out do not swallow . how to use trixeo aerosphere is for inhalation use . please read the ' instructions for use ' at the end of this leaflet . if you are not sure how to use trixeo aerosphere , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . using trixeo aerosphere with a spacer you may find it difficult breathing in and pressing the inhaler at the same time . if this happens , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . it may help to use a ' spacer ' with your inhaler . if you use more trixeo aerosphere than you should if you have used more trixeo aerosphere than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may need medical attention . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have problems with your sight , you have a dry mouth or you have a headache or feel sick ( nausea ). if you forget to use trixeo aerosphere do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take more than two puffs twice a day on the same day . if you stop using trixeo aerosphere this medicine is for long - term use . use this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you to . it will only be effective as long as you are using it . do not stop unless your doctor tells you to even if you feel better as your symptoms may get worse . if you want to stop treatment , talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . corlentor should be taken during meals . if you are being treated for stable angina pectoris the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of corlentor 5 mg twice daily . if you still have angina symptoms and if you have tolerated the 5 mg twice daily dose well , the dose may be increased . the maintenance dose should not exceed 7 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if 30 you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of corlentor 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of corlentor 5 mg twice daily increasing if necessary to one tablet of corlentor 7 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of corlentor 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you take more corlentor than you should a large dose of corlentor could make you feel breathless or tired because your heart slows down too much . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take corlentor if you forget to take a dose of corlentor , take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . the calendar printed on the blister containing the tablets should help you remember when you last took a tablet of corlentor . if you stop taking corlentor as the treatment for angina or chronic heart failure is usually life - long , you should discuss with your doctor before stopping this medicinal product . if you think that the effect of corlentor is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
before giving you azacitidine celgene , your doctor will give you another medicine to prevent nausea and vomiting at the start of each treatment cycle . the recommended dose is 75 mg per m2 body surface area . your doctor will decide your dose of this medicine , depending on your general condition , height and weight . your doctor will check your progress and may change your dose if necessary . azacitidine celgene is given every day for one week , followed by a rest period of 3 weeks . this " treatment cycle " will be repeated every 4 weeks . you will usually receive at least 6 treatment cycles . this medicine will be given to you as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by a doctor or nurse . it may be given under the skin on your thigh , tummy or upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of nimvastid to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken nimvastid for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking nimvastid . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take nimvastid twice a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more nimvastid than you should if you accidentally take more nimvastid than you should , inform your doctor . you may require medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much nimvastid have experienced feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high blood pressure and hallucinations . slow heartbeat and fainting may also occur . if you forget to take nimvastid if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of nimvastid , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your anaemia . if you do not respond adequately to mircera , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of mircera . treatment with mircera must be started under the supervision of a healthcare professional . further injections can be given by a healthcare professional or , after you have been trained , you can inject mircera yourself ( see instructions at the end of this leaflet .) mircera can be injected under the skin in the abdomen , arm or thigh ; or into a vein . your doctor will decide which is best for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to monitor how your anaemia is responding to treatment by measuring your haemoglobin level . if you are not currently treated with an esa if you are not on dialysis , the recommended starting dose of mircera is 1 . 2 micrograms for every kilogram of your body weight to be administered under the skin once every month as a single injection . alternatively , your doctor may decide to administer a starting dose of mircera of 0 . 6 micrograms for every kilogram of your body weight . the dose is to be administered once every two weeks as a single injection under the skin or into a vein . once your anaemia is corrected your doctor may change your dosing to once a month administration . if you are on dialysis , the recommended starting dose is 0 . 6 micrograms for every kilogram of your body weight . the dose is to be administered once every two weeks as a single injection under the skin orinto a vein . once your anaemia iscorrected your doctor may change your dosing to once a month administration . your doctor may increase or decrease your dose or temporarily stop your treatment to adjust your haemoglobin level , as appropriate for you . dose changes will not be made more often than once a month . if you are currently being treated with another esa your doctor may replace your current medicine with mircera . your doctor will decide to treat you with mircera administered as a single injection once a month . your doctor will calculate your mircera starting dose based on the last dose of your previous medicine . the first mircera dose will be given on the planned injection day of your previous medicine . your doctor may increase or decrease your dose or temporarily stop your treatment to adjust your haemoglobin to an appropriate level for you . dose changes will not be made more often than once a month . if you use more mircera than you should please contact your doctor or pharmacist if you used too large a dose of mircera as it may be necessary to perform some blood tests and interrupt your treatment . if you forget to use mircera if you miss a dose of mircera administer the missed dose as soon as you remember and talk to your doctor about when to use the next doses . if you stop using mircera treatment with mircera is normally long - term . it can , however , be stopped on the advice of your doctor at any time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject your doctor will tell you which dose is right for you and how often to inject ( 75 mg or 150 mg once every 2 weeks , or 300 mg once every 4 weeks / monthly )). your doctor will check your cholesterol levels and may adjust the dose ( up or down ) during treatment . always check the label of your pen to make sure you have the right medicine and the right strength . when to inject inject praluent once every 2 weeks ( for the 75 mg or 150 mg dose ), or once every 4 weeks / monthly ( for the 300 mg dose ). to give the 300 mg dose , one 300 mg injection or two 150 mg injections should be given in a row at two different injection sites . before you inject praluent should be allowed to warm to room temperature prior to use . read the detailed instructions for use leaflet before you inject praluent . where to inject praluent is injected under your skin into the thigh , abdomen or upper arm . read the detailed instructions for use leaflet on where to inject . learning how to use the pre - filled pen before you use the pen for the first time , your doctor , pharmacist or nurse will show you how to inject praluent . always read the " instructions for use " provided in the box . always use the pen as described in the " instructions for use ". if you use more praluent than you should if you use more praluent than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use praluent if you miss a dose of praluent , inject your missed dose as soon as you can . then take your next dose at your regular scheduled time . this will keep you on the original schedule . if you are not sure when to inject praluent , call your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you stop using praluent do not stop using praluent without talking with your doctor . if you stop using praluent , your cholesterol levels can increase . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your treatment is started and monitored by a doctor who is specialised in transplants . the usual way to take myfenax is as follows : kidney transplant adults the first dose will be given within 72 hours after the transplant operation . the recommended daily dose is 8 capsules ( 2 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 2 separate doses . this means taking 4 capsules in the morning then 4 capsules in the evening . children and adolescents ( aged 2 to 18 ) the dose given will vary depending on the size of the child . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on body surface area ( height and weight ). the recommended dose is 600 mg / m2 taken twice a day . heart transplant adults the first dose will be given within 5 days following the transplant operation . the recommended daily dose is 12 capsules ( 3 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 2 separate doses . this means taking 6 capsules in the morning then 6 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of myfenax in children with a heart transplant . liver transplant adults the first dose of oral myfenax will be given to you at least 4 days after the transplant operation and when you are able to swallow oral medicines . the recommended daily dose is 12 capsules ( 3 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 2 separate doses . this means taking 6 capsules in the morning then 6 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of myfenax in children with a liver transplant . method and route of administration swallow your capsules whole with a glass of water . you can take them with or without food . do not break or crush them and do not take any capsules that have broken open or split . avoid contact with any powder that spills out from damaged capsules . if a capsule breaks open accidentally , wash any powder from your skin with soap and water . if any powder gets into your eyes or mouth , rinse thoroughly with plenty of plain , fresh water . treatment will continue for you as long as you need immunosuppression to prevent your body from rejecting your transplanted organ . if you take more myfenax than you should it is important not to take too many capsules . contact your nearest hospital accident and emergency department or a doctor for advice if you have swallowed more capsules than you have been told to take or if you think a child has swallowed any . if you forget to take myfenax if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember , then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking myfenax do not stop taking myfenax because you feel better . it is important to take the medicine for as long as the doctor has told you to . stopping your treatment with myfenax may increase the chance of rejection of your transplanted organ . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of imprida is one tablet per day . it is preferable to take your medicine at the same time each day . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take imprida with or without food . do not take imprida with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . imprida and older people ( age 65 years or over ) your doctor should exercise caution when increasing your dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more imprida than you should if you have taken too many tablets of imprida , or if someone else has taken your tablets , consult a doctor immediately . if you forget to take imprida if you forget to take this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at its usual time . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking imprida stopping your treatment with imprida may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to .
ilumetri is intended for use under the guidance and supervision of a physician experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine is for single use only . the recommended dose of ilumetri is 100 mg by subcutaneous injection at weeks 0 , and 4 and every 12 weeks thereafter . in patients with certain characteristics ( e . g . high disease burden , body weight ≥ 90 kg ) 200 mg may provide greater efficacy . your doctor will decide for how long you need to take ilumetri . after proper training in subcutaneous injection technique , you may inject ilumetri yourself if your doctor determines that it is appropriate . for instructions on how to inject ilumetri yourself , see ' instructions for use ' at the end of this leaflet . talk to your doctor about when you will have your injections and follow - up appointments . use in children and adolescents the safety and efficacy of ilumetri in children and adolescents under 18 years of age has not yet been established and therefore ilumetri is not recommended for use in children or adolescents . if you use more ilumetri than you should if you have administered more ilumetri than you should or the dose has been administered sooner than according to your doctor ' s prescription , tell your doctor . if you forget to use ilumetri if you have forgotten or missed an ilumetri injection , administer the dose as soon as possible . thereafter , resume dosing at the regularly scheduled interval . if you stop using ilumetri the decision to stop using ilumetri should be discussed with your doctor . your symptoms may return upon discontinuation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
flucelvax tetra is given to you by your doctor or nurse as an injection into the muscle at the top of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). adults and children from 9 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . pecfent comes in two different strengths : a 100 microgram per spray bottle and a 400 microgram per spray bottle . make sure that you use the strength that your doctor has prescribed for you . how much to use a dose to treat a breakthrough pain episode might be either 1 spray or 2 sprays ( one in each nostril ). your doctor will tell you how many sprays ( 1 or 2 ) you should use to treat your breakthrough pain episode . do not use more than the dose your doctor prescribes for any single breakthrough pain episode . do not use pecfent more than 4 times daily wait at least 4 hours to take the next dose of pecfent . starting dose the starting dose is 100 micrograms . this is a single spray into one nostril from the 100 microgram per spray bottle . see ' using the pecfent bottle ' for instructions on how to use a dose . finding the right dose your doctor will then help you find the right dose to relieve your breakthrough pain . it is very important to follow your doctor ' s instructions . tell your doctor about your pain and how pecfent is working . your doctor will decide if your pecfent dose needs to be changed . do not change the dose yourself . once you have found the right dose tell your doctor if your dose of pecfent does not relieve your breakthrough pain . your doctor will decide if your dose needs to be changed . do not change the dose of pecfent or your other pain medicines yourself . tell your doctor straight away if you have more than 4 episodes of breakthrough pain a day . your doctor may change the medicine for your constant pain . once your constant pain is controlled , your doctor may then change your dose of pecfent . if you are not sure about the right dose or how much pecfent to use , ask your doctor . using the pecfent bottle preparing the pecfent bottle for use before you use a new bottle of pecfent you need to prepare it for use . this is called ' priming '. to prime the bottle , please follow the instructions below : 1 . a new bottle of pecfent will show two red lines in the counting window in the white plastic top on the bottle ( figure 1 and figure 3a ). 2 . take off the clear plastic protective cap from the nozzle ( figure 1 ). 3 . aim the nasal spray away from you ( and any other people ). 4 . hold the pecfent nasal spray upright with your thumb on the bottom of the bottle , and your first and middle fingers on the finger grips each side of the nozzle ( figure 2 ). 5 . firmly press down on the finger grips until a ' click ' is heard and then let go of the grips ( figure 2 ). you will hear a second ' click ' and there should now be a single large red bar in the counting window ( figure 3b ). 6 . repeat step 5 three times . as you repeat step 5 , the red bar will become smaller and smaller until you see a green bar in the counting window ( figure 3b - e ). the green bar means the pecfent nasal spray is ready to use . 7 . wipe the nozzle with a tissue and flush the tissue down the toilet . 8 . if you are not going to use your medicine straight away , put the protective cap back on . then put the pecfent bottle in the child - resistant storage container . if pecfent has not been used for 5 days , re - prime by spraying once . using pecfent pecfent is only to be used by spraying into your nostril . 1 . check that there is a green bar or a number showing in the counting window ( figure 4 ): this confirms that the pecfent bottle has been primed ( see ' preparing the pecfent bottle for use ' above ). 2 . blow your nose if you feel you need to . 3 . sit down with your head upright . 4 . take off the protective cap from the nozzle . 5 . hold the pecfent bottle with your thumb on the bottom of the bottle and your first and middle fingers on the finger grips ( figure 4 ). 6 . put the nozzle a short distance ( about 1 cm ) into your nostril . point it inwards towards the wall of your nose . this will tilt the bottle slightly ( figure 5 ). 7 . close the other nostril with a finger from your other hand ( figure 5 ). 8 . firmly press down on the finger grips so that pecfent sprays into your nostril . when you hear a click let go of the grips . note : you may not feel anything happen in your nose at all do not trust this to mean the spray did not operate rely on the click and number counter . 9 . breathe in gently through your nose and out through your mouth . 10 . the number counter will move forward after each use and show how many sprays have been used . 11 . if your doctor has prescribed a second spray , repeat steps 5 to 9 , using the other nostril . do not use more than the dose that your doctor prescribes to treat any single pain episode . 12 . put the bottle back in the child - resistant container after each use . keep out of the sight and reach of children ( figure 6 ) 41 13 . stay sitting for at least 1 minute after using the nasal spray . number of sprays in a pecfent bottle there are 8 full sprays in each pecfent bottle . after the first spray , number 1 will appear in the counting window . this will go up each time the spray is used . when you see a red 8 in the counting window , the bottle is finished and you will no longer be able to get a full spray from it . disposal of unused pecfent if you can see a number , other than 8 in the counting window , you have not used all 8 sprays in the bottle . there are still doses of pecfent left in the bottle . you must empty the remaining doses of pecfent from the bottle by aiming the nasal spray away from you ( and any other people ) and pressing and releasing the grips until the red number " 8 " appears in the counting window . when you see the number " 8 " in the counting window , there is still medicine in the bottle that you must empty . you will need to press down and release the finger grips 4 more times while aiming the nasal spray away from you ( and any other people ). you will feel some increased resistance when you press down and the finger grips will only move a small amount . you will not hear a click when you press down . the counter will stay on the number " 8 ". put the protective cap back on the spray bottle . put the bottle back in the child resistant container . speak to your local pharmacy about disposal of empty bottles ( see ' how to store pecfent ') if the pecfent nasal spray is blocked or does not spray properly if the spray is blocked , aim the spray away from you ( and any other people ) and push firmly down on the pump . this should clear any blockage . if your nasal spray is still not working properly , dispose of the faulty bottle and start a new one . tell your doctor what happened . never try to fix the nasal spray yourself or take it apart . this is because it may then give you the wrong dose . dispose of the pecfent bottle and start a new one if : it has been 60 days or more since you primed or used your bottle for the first time . if you use more pecfent than you should if you use more pecfent than you should , you may feel sleepy , sick , dizzy or have slow or shallow breathing . in severe cases taking too much pecfent may also lead to coma . if you feel very dizzy , very sleepy or have slow or shallow breathing , call an ambulance or ask someone else to call one straight away . if you stop using pecfent if you no longer have breakthrough pain , talk to your doctor before stopping pecfent and follow his / her advice . however , you should keep taking your other opioid medicine to treat your constant pain . your doctor may need to check the dose . you may experience withdrawal symptoms similar to the possible side effects of pecfent when discontinuing pecfent . if you experience withdrawal symptoms , you should contact your doctor . your doctor will evaluate if you need medicine to reduce or eliminate the withdrawal symptoms . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . start of treatment ( first 4 weeks ): your doctor will start your treatment with nuedexta 15 mg / 9 mg capsules which should be taken by you as follows : for the first seven days of treatment : one capsule per day , taken in the morning . from the eighth day of treatment onwards : two capsules per day , one in the morning and one in the evening , 12 hours apart . after 4 weeks : your doctor will assess you carefully . depending on your response to the treatment , your doctor may either decide : to continue the treatment with nuedexta 15 mg / 9 mg capsules , or to give you a higher dose and to prescribe nuedexta 23 mg / 9 mg capsules to you . regardless of which strength of nuedexta has been prescribed to you : continue the treatment with : two capsules per day ( one capsule every 12 hours ). use in older persons no special dose adjustment of nuedexta is required in older patients . how to take nuedexta the capsule should be taken orally ( by mouth ) either with or without food at about the same time each day . when taking two capsules within 24 hours , you should leave about 12 hours between doses . if you take more nuedexta than you should if you have taken more capsules than you should , speak to your doctor immediately . adverse reactions observed with this medicine may occur more often or may worsen and your doctor may perform some test and monitor you more closely . symptoms of dextromethorphan overdose include nausea , vomiting , stupor , coma , respiratory depression , seizures , increased heart rate , hyperexcitability , and toxic psychosis . other effects include loss of coordinated movement ( ataxia ), involuntary eye movements ( nystagmus ), over contraction of the muscles ( dystonia ), blurred vision , and changes in muscle reflexes . dextromethorphan may increase the risk of serotonin syndrome ( see warnings and precautions and possible side effects ). symptoms of quinidine overdose include irregular heartbeat and low blood pressure , and may also include vomiting , diarrhoea , ringing in the ears , high - frequency hearing loss , vertigo , blurred vision , double vision , increased sensitivity of the eyes to light , headache , confusion , and delirium ( characterised by loss of attention , poor memory , disorientation , impaired speech ). if you forget to take nuedexta if you forget to take 1 or more capsules , you must not take a double dose to make up for the missed doses . take your next dose at the usual time and make sure that approximately 12 hours passes between two doses . if you stop taking nuedexta do not stop taking this medicine without speaking to your doctor first , even if you begin to feel better . stopping treatment may cause your symptoms to return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
dynastat will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . they will dissolve the powder before giving you the injection , and will inject the solution into a vein or a muscle . the injection may be given rapidly and directly into a vein or into an existing intravenous line ( a thin tube running into a vein ), or it can be given slowly and deeply into a muscle . you will only be given dynastat for short periods , and only for pain relief . the usual dose to start with is 40 mg . you may be given another dose either 20 mg or 40 mg 6 to 12 hours after the first one . you will not be given more than 80 mg in 24 hours . some people may be given lower doses : people with liver problems people with severe kidney problems patients over 65 who weigh less than 50 kg people taking fluconazole . if dynastat is used with strong pain killers ( called opioid analgesics ) such as morphine the dose of dynastat will be the same as explained above . if you are given more dynastat than you should you may experience side effects that have been reported with recommended doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always check the pack and the vial label for the name and type of the insulin when you get it from your pharmacy . make sure you get the humalog that your doctor has told you to use . always use humalog exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . dosage you should normally inject humalog within 15 minutes of a meal . if you need to , you can inject soon after a meal . but your doctor will have told you exactly how much to use , when to use it , and how often . these instructions are only for you . follow them exactly and visit your diabetes clinic regularly . if you change the type of insulin you use ( for example from a human or animal insulin to a humalog product ), you may have to take more or less than before . this might just be for the first injection or it may be a gradual change over several weeks or months . inject humalog under the skin . you should only inject it into a muscle if your doctor has told you to . preparing humalog humalog is already dissolved in water , so you do not need to mix it . but you must use it only if it looks like water . it must be clear , have no colour and no solid pieces in it . check each time you inject yourself . injecting humalog first wash your hands . before you make an injection , clean your skin as you have been instructed . clean the rubber stopper on the vial , but do not remove the stopper . use a clean , sterile syringe and needle to pierce the rubber stopper and draw in the amount of humalog you want . your doctor or clinic will tell you how to do this . do not share your needles and syringes . inject under the skin , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a vein . after your injection , leave the needle in the skin for five seconds to make sure you have taken the whole dose . do not rub the area you have just injected . make sure you inject at least half an inch ( 1 cm ) from the last injection and that you ' rotate ' the places you inject , as you have been taught . it doesn ' t matter which injection site you use , either upper arm , thigh , buttock or abdomen , your humalog injection will still work quicker than soluble human insulin . your doctor will tell you if you have to mix humalog with one of the human insulins . for example if you do need to inject a mixture , draw the humalog into the syringe before the long acting insulin . inject the liquid as soon as you have mixed it . do the same thing every time . you should not normally mix humalog with one of the mixtures of human insulins . you should never mix humalog with insulins produced by other manufacturers or animal insulins . you must not administer humalog by the intravenous route . inject humalog as your physician or nurse has taught you . only your physician can administer humalog by the intravenous route . he will only do this under special circumstances such as surgery or if you are ill and your glucose levels are too high . using humalog in an infusion pump only certain ce - marked insulin infusion pumps may be used to infuse insulin lispro . before infusing insulin lispro , the manufacturers instructions should be studied to ascertain the suitability or otherwise for the particular pump . read and follow the instructions in the product literature supplied with the infusion pump . be sure to use the correct reservoir and catheter for your pump . changing of the infusion set ( tubing and needle ) must be done according to the instructions in the product information supplied with the infusion set . in the event of a hypoglycaemic episode , the infusion should be stopped until the episode is resolved . if repeated or severe low blood glucose levels occur , notify your doctor or clinic and consider the need to reduce or stop your insulin infusion . a pump malfunction or obstruction of the infusion set can result in a rapid rise in glucose levels . if an interruption to insulin flow is suspected , follow the instructions in the product literature and if appropriate , notify your doctor or clinic . when used with an insulin infusion pump , humalog should not be mixed with any other insulin . if you take more humalog than you need if you take more humalog than you need , a low blood sugar may occur . check your blood sugar . if your blood sugar is low ( mild hypoglycaemia ), eat glucose tablets , sugar or drink a sugary drink . then eat fruit , biscuits , or a sandwich , as your doctor has advised you and have some rest . this will often get you over mild hypoglycaemia or a minor insulin overdose . if you get worse and your breathing is shallow and your skin gets pale , tell your doctor at once . a glucagon injection can treat quite severe hypoglycaemia . eat glucose or sugar after the glucagon injection . if you do not respond to glucagon , you will have to go to hospital . ask your doctor to tell you about glucagon . if you forget to use humalog if you take less humalog than you need , a high blood sugar may occur . check your blood sugar . if hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) or hyperglycaemia ( high blood sugar ) is not treated they can be very serious and cause headaches , nausea , vomiting , dehydration , unconsciousness , coma or even death ( see a and b in section 4 " possible side effects "). three simple steps to avoid hypoglycaemia or hyperglycaemia are : always keep spare syringes and a spare vial of humalog . always carry something to show you are diabetic . always carry sugar with you . if you stop using humalog . if you take less humalog than you need , a high blood sugar may occur . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your physician will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take neoclarityn . if your allergic rhinitis is intermittent ( presence of symptoms for less than 4 days per week or for less than 4 weeks ), your physician will recommend you a treatment schedule that will depend on the evaluation of the history of your disease . if your allergic rhinitis is persistent ( presence of symptoms for 4 days or more per week and for more than 4 weeks ), your physician may recommend you a longer term treatment . for urticaria , the duration of treatment may be variable from patient to patient and therefore you should follow the instructions of your physician . if you take more neoclarityn than you should take neoclarityn only as it is prescribed for you . no serious problems are expected with accidental overdose . however , if you take more neoclarityn than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take neoclarityn if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible and then go back to your regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking neoclarityn if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel dura per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel dura for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel dura than you should : contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel dura : if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel dura , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel dura : do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor has prescribed imatinib medac because you suffer from a serious condition . imatinib medac can help you to fight this condition . however , always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse tells you to . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . do not stop taking imatinib medac unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much imatinib medac to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of imatinib medac to take . the usual starting dose in treatment in cml in blast crisis is 600 mg , to be taken as 6 capsules of 100 mg ( or 1 capsule of 400 mg plus 2 capsules of 100 mg ) once a day . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if your daily dose is 800 mg , you should take 1 capsule of 400 mg in the morning and 1 capsule of 400 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for ph - positive all : the starting dose is 600 mg to be taken as 6 capsules of 100 mg ( or 1 capsule of 400 mg plus 2 capsules of 100 mg ) once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 400 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 100 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 400 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 400 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for dfsp : the dose is 800 mg per day , to be taken as 1 capsule of 400 mg in the morning and 1 capsule of 400 mg in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many capsules of imatinib medac to give to your child . the amount of imatinib medac given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents must not exceed 800 mg with cml and 600 mg with ph + all . the treatment can either be given to your child as a once - daily dose or alternatively the daily dose can be split into two administrations ( half in the morning and half in the evening ). when and how to take imatinib medac take imatinib medac with a meal . this will help protect you from stomach problems when taking imatinib medac . swallow the capsules whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the capsules unless you have difficulty in swallowing ( e . g . in children ). if you are unable to swallow the capsules , you can open them up and pour the powder into a glass of still mineral water or apple juice . if you are a woman who is pregnant or might get pregnant and are trying to open the capsules for your children or another patient unable to swallow , you should handle the contents with caution in order to avoid skin - eye contact or inhalation . you should wash your hands immediately after opening the capsules . how long to take imatinib medac keep taking imatinib medac every day for as long as your doctor tells you . if you take more imatinib medac than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take imatinib medac if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 50 mg tablet by mouth once daily . if you have kidney or liver problems , your doctor may need to reduce your dose to one 25 mg tablet by mouth once daily . you should take this medicine with liquids and swallow the tablet whole . do not crush or chew the tablet . betmiga can be taken with or without food . if you take more betmiga than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist or hospital for advice immediately . symptoms of overdose may include a forceful beating of the heart , an increased pulse rate or an increased blood pressure . if you forget to take betmiga if you forget to take your medicine , take the missed dose as soon as you remember . if it is less than 6 hours before your next scheduled dose , skip the dose and continue to take your medicine at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss several doses , tell your doctor and follow the advice given to you . if you stop taking betmiga do not stop treatment with betmiga early if you do not see an immediate effect . your bladder might need some time to adapt . you should continue taking your tablets . do not stop taking them when your bladder condition improves . stopping treatment may result in recurrence of symptoms of overactive bladder . do not stop taking betmiga without talking to your doctor first , as your overactive bladder symptoms may come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 60 mg tablet taken orally , once daily . fareston can be taken with or without food . if you take more fareston than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or the nearest hospital immediately . symptoms of overdose may be dizziness and headache . if you forget to take fareston if you miss one dose take the next tablet as usual and continue treatment as recommended . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have missed several doses , please inform your doctor and follow his instructions . if you stop taking fareston the treatment with fareston should only be stopped when advised by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 micrograms ( corresponding to 80 microliters ) given once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thigh or abdomen . to help you remember to take your medicine , inject it at about the same time each day . terrosa can be injected at meal times . inject terrosa each day for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . the total duration of treatment with terrosa should not exceed 24 months . you should not receive more than one treatment course of 24 months over your lifetime . your doctor may advise you to take terrosa with calcium and vitamin d . your doctor will tell you how much you should take each day . terrosa can be given with or without food . terrosa cartridges are designed to be used only with the terrosa pen reusable , multidose delivery system and compatible pen needles . the pen and injection needles are not included with terrosa . however , for treatment initiation a cartridge and pen pack should be used containing one carton of 28 terrosa cartridge and one carton of terrosa pen . before the first use , insert the cartridge into the pen . for the correct use of this medicine it is very important to closely follow the detailed instructions for use of your pen which are provided with the pen . use a new injection needle for each injection to prevent contamination and safely dispose of the needle after use . never store your pen with the needle attached . never share your pen with others . do not use your terrosa pen to inject any other medicine ( e . g . insulin ). the pen is customised for use with terrosa only . do not refill the cartridge . do not transfer the medicine into a syringe . you should inject terrosa shortly after you take the pen with inserted cartridge out of the refrigerator . put the pen with inserted cartridge back into the refrigerator immediately after you have used it . do not remove the cartridge from the pen after each use . store it in the cartridge sleeve during the whole 28 - day treatment period . preparing the pen for use - to ensure the correct administration of terrosa always read the instructions for use of terrosa pen , which is included in the carton of the pen . - wash your hands before handling the cartridge or pen . - check the expiry date on the cartridge label before inserting the cartridge into the pen . make sure that there are at least 28 days remaining before its expiry date . insert the cartridge into the pen before the first use as detailed in the pen instructions . write down the batch ( lot ) number of each cartridge and its first injection date on a calendar . the date of first injection should also be recorded on the outer carton of terrosa ( see the provided space on the box : { first use :}). - after inserting a new cartridge and before the first injection from this cartridge prime the pen according to the instructions which are provided . do not prime again after the first dose . injecting terrosa - before you inject terrosa , clean your skin where you intend to inject ( thigh or abdomen ) as instructed by your doctor . - gently hold a fold of cleansed skin and insert the needle straight into the skin . press the push button and hold it pressed in until the dose indication has returned to the start position . - after your injection , leave the needle in the skin for six seconds to make sure that you receive the whole dose . - as soon as you have finished the injection , attach the outer needle protective cap on the pen needle and screw the cap anti - clockwise to remove the pen needle . this will keep the remaining terrosa sterile and prevent leaking from the pen . it will also stop air going back into the cartridge and the needle from clogging . - replace the cap on your pen . leave the cartridge in the pen . if you use more terrosa than you should if , by mistake , you have used more terrosa than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist . the expected effects of overdose include nausea , vomiting , dizziness , and headache . if you forget to use terrosa if you forget an injection or cannot use your medicine at your usual time , inject it as soon as possible on that day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take more than one injection in the same day . if you stop using terrosa if you are considering stopping terrosa treatment , please discuss this with your doctor . your doctor will advise you and decide how long you should be treated with terrosa . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much sunosi to take your doctor will advise you on the dose of sunosi to take . for narcolepsy , treatment is normally started with a dose of 75 mg once per day , in the morning when you wake up . some patients may need a 150 - mg starting dose . your doctor will advise you if this applies to you . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose of 37 . 5 mg . you can get this dose by taking half of one 75 mg tablet . the tablet should be broken using the score line . for osa , treatment is normally started with a dose of 37 . 5 mg once per day , in the morning when you wake up . you can get this dose by taking half of one 75 mg tablet . the tablet should be broken using the score line . after at least 3 days ' treatment , your doctor may increase your daily dose to the most appropriate dose . the recommended maximum dose of sunosi is 150 mg daily . elderly ( aged more than 65 years ) take the usual daily dose unless you have kidney problems ( see below " patients with kidney problems "). patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems your doctor may need to adjust the dose . taking sunosi sunosi is for oral use take sunosi by mouth in the morning when you wake up . you can take sunosi with food or between meals . how long to take sunosi you should continue to take sunosi for as long as you are told to by your doctor . if you take more sunosi than you should the following symptoms were observed when patient received sunosi 900mg ( 6 times the maximum daily dose ): uncontrollable movements ( tardive dyskinesia ) and feeling restless and unable to keep still ( akathisia ). these symptoms resolved when sunosi was stopped . contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . take this leaflet and any remaining tablets with you . if you forget to take sunosi if you forget to take your medicine at the usual time , you can still take it if it is more than 9 hours before bedtime . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking sunosi discuss with your doctor before you stop taking sunosi . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 15 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not split , crush , chew or break the tablet before swallowing as it may change how much medicine gets into your body . to help you remember to take rinvoq , take it at the same time every day . the tablets can be taken with or without food . do not swallow the desiccant . if you take more rinvoq than you should if you take more rinvoq than you should , contact your doctor . you may get some of the side effects listed in section 4 . if you forget to take rinvoq if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you forget your dose for an entire day , just skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual the following day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking rinvoq do not stop taking rinvoq unless your doctor tells you to stop taking it . how to open the bottle foil cutting tool - on the cap of the bottle 45 1 . how to puncture the foil 1a . remove the cap from the bottle by pushing down and while still pushing , turn the cap anti - clockwise . 1b . turn the cap over and place the cutting tool near the edge of the foil seal . 2 . push down to make a hole in the foil and move the cutting tool round the edge of the foil to continue cutting the foil . 3 . when you have taken your tablet , put the cap back on and close the bottle . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor or nurse will train you on how to use the natpar pen . natpar is given as a subcutaneous ( under the skin ) injection every day , using a pen to help you inject your medicine . the ' natpar reusable pen ' is called ' natpar pen ' or ' pen ' in this leaflet . dose the recommended starting dose of natpar is 50 micrograms per day . - however , your doctor may start you on 25 micrograms per day based on a blood test result . - after 2 to 4 weeks , your doctor may adjust the dose . the dose of natpar varies from person to person . people may need between 25 and100 micrograms of natpar per day . your doctor may tell you to take other medicines such as calcium supplements or vitamin d while you are taking natpar . your doctor will tell you how much you should take each day . how to use the pen read " section 7 . instructions for use " in this leaflet before you use the pen . do not use the pen if the solution is cloudy or coloured or if it contains visible particles . before the pen is used for the first time , the medicine has to be mixed . after you have mixed the medicine , the natpar pen is ready for use and the medicine can be injected under the skin of your thigh . inject in the other thigh the following day and continue to alternate between the two . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of natpar , the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . how long to use keep using natpar for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you use more natpar than you should if , by mistake , you inject more than one dose of natpar in a day , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use natpar if you forget to use natpar ( or cannot inject it at your usual time ), use your injection as soon as you can but do not inject more than one dose in the same day . take your next dose of natpar at the usual time the next day . you may need to take more calcium supplements if you have signs of low blood calcium ; see section 4 for symptoms . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using natpar discuss with your doctor if you want to stop treatment with natpar . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the doctor or nurse will inject the recommended dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine into your arm or your child ' s arm or leg muscle . infants aged 6 weeks to 6 months of age typically , your child should receive an initial course of three injections of the vaccine followed by a booster dose . the first injection may be given from the age of six weeks . each injection will be given at least one month apart . a fourth injection ( booster ) will be given between 11 and 15 months of age . you will be told when your child should come back for the next injection . according to official recommendations in your country , an alternative schedule may be used by your healthcare provider . please speak to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for more information . premature infants your child will receive an initial course of three injections . the first injection may be given as early as six weeks of age with at least one month between doses . between 11 and 15 months of age , your child will receive a fourth injection ( booster ). unvaccinated infants , children , and adolescents over 7 months of age infants aged 7 to 11 months should receive two injections . each injection will be given at least one month apart . a third injection will be given in the second year of life . children aged 12 to 23 months should receive two injections . each injection will be given at least two months apart . children aged 2 to 17 years should receive one injection . infants , children , and adolescents previously vaccinated with prevenar infants and children who have previously received prevenar may receive prevenar 13 to complete the course of injections . for children 1 to 5 years of age previously vaccinated with prevenar , your doctor or nurse will recommend how many injections of prevenar 13 are required . children and adolescents 6 to 17 years of age should receive one injection . it is important to follow the instructions from the doctor , pharmacist , or nurse so that your child completes the course of injections . if you forget to go back at the scheduled time , ask the doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice . adults adults should receive one injection . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have been given a pneumococcal vaccine before . if you have any further questions on the use of prevenar 13 , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . special populations individuals considered to be at a higher risk of pneumococcal infection ( such as those with sickle cell disease or hiv infection ), including those previously vaccinated with the 23 - valent pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine , may receive at least one dose of prevenar 13 . individuals with a blood - forming stem cell transplant may receive three injections , with the first given at 3 to 6 months after the transplant and with an interval of at least 1 month between doses . a fourth injection ( booster ) is recommended 6 months after the third injection .
integrilin is given into the vein by direct injection followed by an infusion ( drip solution ). the dose given is based on your weight . the recommended dose is 180 microgram / kg administered as a bolus ( rapid intravenous injection ), followed by an infusion ( drip solution ) of 2 microgram / kg / minute for up to 72 hours . if you have kidney disease , the infusion dose may be reduced to 1 microgram / kg / minute . if percutaneous coronary intervention ( pci ) is performed during integrilin therapy , the intravenous solution may be continued for up to 96 hours . you must also be given doses of aspirin and heparin ( if not contraindicated in your case ). if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse .
cegfila is for use in adults aged 18 and over . always use cegfila exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . do not shake cegfila vigorously as this may affect its activity . injecting cegfila yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject cegfila yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with cegfila , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . if you use more cegfila than you should if you use more cegfila than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to inject cegfila if you have forgotten a dose of cegfila , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
treatment should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 4 mg once a day . your doctor may give you a lower dose of 2 mg once a day , particularly if you are over 75 years old or if you have an increased risk of infections . if the medicine is working well , your doctor may decide the dose can be reduced . if you have reduced kidney function , the recommended dose of olumiant is 2 mg once a day . olumiant is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet with a drink of water . you can take the tablets either with or without food . to help you remember to take olumiant , you may find it easier to take it at the same time every day . if you take more olumiant than you should if you take more olumiant than you should , contact your doctor . you may get some of the side effects described in section 4 . if you forget to take olumiant - if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . - if you forget your dose for an entire day , just skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual the following day . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking olumiant do not stop taking olumiant unless your doctor tells you to stop taking it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of this medicine that you will take varies depending on your condition and the doses you currently take of metformin and / or individual tablets of dapagliflozin and metformin . your doctor will tell you exactly which strength of this medicine to take . the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with half a glass of water . take your tablet with food . this is to reduce the risk of side effects in the stomach . take your tablet twice daily , once in the morning ( breakfast ) and once in the evening ( dinner ). your doctor may prescribe this medicine together with other medicine ( s ) to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . these may be medicine ( s ) by mouth or given by injection , such as insulin or a glp - 1 receptor agonist . remember to take these other medicine ( s ) as your doctor has told you . this will help get the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your diabetes , you still need to keep to diet and exercise , even when you are taking this medicine . so it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking this medicine . if you take more ebymect than you should if you take more ebymect tablets than you should , you may experience lactic acidosis . symptoms of lactic acidosis include feeling or being very sick , vomiting , stomach ache , muscular cramps , severe tiredness or difficulty breathing . if this happens to you , you may need immediate hospital treatment , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . stop taking this medicine immediately and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away ( see section 2 ). take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take ebymect if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking ebymect do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your blood sugar may increase without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . children and adolescents 3 years to less than 18 years : your doctor will decide the correct dose of sialanar . the initial dose will be calculated based on the weight of the child . dose increases will be decided by the child ' s doctor , using the table below as a guide , and will depend on both the effect of sialanar and any side effects the patient is experiencing ( this is why several dose levels appear in the table below ). section 4 includes possible side effects related to the use of sialanar . these should be discussed with the child ' s doctor at all medical consultations , including those for dose increases and decreases , and at any other time should you be concerned . the child should be monitored at regular intervals ( at least every 3 months ) to check that sialanar is still the right treatment for them . weight dose level 1 dose level 2 dose level 3 dose level 4 dose level 5 kg ml ml ml ml ml 13 - 17 0 . 6 1 . 2 1 . 8 2 . 4 3 . 0 18 - 22 0 . 8 1 . 6 2 . 4 3 . 2 4 . 0 23 - 27 1 . 0 2 . 0 3 . 0 4 . 0 5 . 0 28 - 32 1 . 2 2 . 4 3 . 6 4 . 8 6 . 0 33 - 37 1 . 4 2 . 8 4 . 2 5 . 6 6 . 0 38 - 42 1 . 6 3 . 2 4 . 8 6 . 0 6 . 0 43 - 47 1 . 8 3 . 6 5 . 4 6 . 0 6 . 0 ≥ 48 2 . 0 4 . 0 6 . 0 6 . 0 6 . 0 give the dose prescribed by your doctor to the child three times each day . the dose should be given 1 hour before meals or 2 hours after meals . it is important that the dose is given at consistent times in relation to food intake . do not give with high fat foods . route of administration sialanar should be taken by mouth . instructions for use how to use the oral syringe remove the child - resistant closure from the bottle . insert the syringe adaptor with the hole into the neck of the bottle ( this may have been done already by the pharmacist ). insert the end of the oral syringe into the syringe adaptor and ensure it is secure . hold the oral syringe in place and turn the bottle upside down . gently pull down the plunger to the correct level ( see the tables for the correct dose ). check you have the correct level . the maximum volume of the highest dose is 6ml . turn the bottle upright . remove the oral syringe by holding the bottle and twisting the oral syringe gently . place the oral syringe inside the child ' s mouth and press the plunger slowly to gently release the medicine . after use , leave the syringe adaptor in the neck of the bottle . replace the closure . the oral syringe should be washed with warm water and allowed to dry after each use ( i . e . three times per day ). if your child is given the medicine through a feeding tube , flush the tube with 10 ml of water after you have given the medicine . if you give too much sialanar to your child 31 it is important to make sure an acurate dose is given each time , in order to prevent harmful effects of sialanar seen with dosing errors or overdose . check that you have drawn up the correct level on the syringe before giving sialanar . seek medical advice immediately if the child is given too much sialanar , even if the child seems well . if you forget to give sialanar give the next dose when it is due . do not give a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . if you stop giving sialanar to your child withdrawal effects are not expected when stopping sialanar . the child ' s doctor may decide to stop treatment with sialanar if side effects cannot be managed by reducing the dose . if you have any further questions about the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take you should start by taking one tablet a day . after 4 weeks , your doctor may raise your dose to two tablets a day . if you are switching from a medicine containing 2 , 000 mg or more of a prolonged - release nicotinic acid , your doctor can start you with two tablets of trevaclyn a day . if you are switching from a medicine with less than 2 , 000 mg of prolonged - nicotinic acid , you should start by taking one tablet of trevaclyn a day . after 4 weeks , your doctor may raise your dose of 33 trevaclyn to two tablets a day . how to take take trevaclyn once a day , in the evening or at bedtime . take trevaclyn with food . swallow each tablet whole . in order for your medicine to work as intended , do not split , break , crush , or chew the tablet before you swallow it . avoid drinking alcohol or hot drinks or eating spicy foods near the time you take your dose of trevaclyn . this will lower your chance of flushing ( redness of the skin , feeling warm , itching , or tingling , particularly in your head , neck , chest and upper back ). taking aspirin before you take trevaclyn does not reduce your flushing more than taking trevaclyn alone . therefore , taking aspirin to reduce flushing symptoms is not necessary . if you take aspirin for any other reason , continue to follow your doctor ' s advice . if you take more trevaclyn than you should in the event of an overdose , the following side effects were reported : flushing , headache , pruritus ( itching ), nausea , dizziness , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain / discomfort , and back pain . if you take more than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take trevaclyn if you miss a dose , do not take an extra dose . continue with your usual dose the next evening or at bedtime . however , if you do not take trevaclyn for 7 or more days in a row , talk to your doctor before restarting trevaclyn . if you stop taking trevaclyn do not stop taking trevaclyn without talking to your doctor . your cholesterol problem may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take you should start by taking one tablet a day . after 4 weeks , your doctor may raise your dose to two tablets a day . if you are switching from a medicine containing 2 , 000 mg or more of a prolonged - release nicotinic acid , your doctor can start you with two tablets of tredaptive a day . if you are switching from a medicine with less than 2 , 000 mg of prolonged - nicotinic acid , you should start by taking one tablet of tredaptive a day . after 4 weeks , your doctor may raise your dose of 33 tredaptive to two tablets a day . how to take take tredaptive once a day , in the evening or at bedtime . take tredaptive with food . swallow each tablet whole . in order for your medicine to work as intended , do not split , break , crush , or chew the tablet before you swallow it . avoid drinking alcohol or hot drinks or eating spicy foods near the time you take your dose of tredaptive . this will lower your chance of flushing ( redness of the skin , feeling warm , itching , or tingling , particularly in your head , neck , chest and upper back ). taking aspirin before you take tredaptive does not reduce your flushing more than taking tredaptive alone . therefore , taking aspirin to reduce flushing symptoms is not necessary . if you take aspirin for any other reason , continue to follow your doctor ' s advice . if you take more tredaptive than you should in the event of an overdose , the following side effects were reported : flushing , headache , pruritus ( itching ), nausea , dizziness , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain / discomfort , and back pain . if you take more than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take tredaptive if you miss a dose , do not take an extra dose . continue with your usual dose the next evening or at bedtime . however , if you do not take tredaptive for 7 or more days in a row , talk to your doctor before restarting tredaptive . if you stop taking tredaptive do not stop taking tredaptive without talking to your doctor . your cholesterol problem may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is administered by your doctor or other health care professional . your doctor will tell you when you need your next injection . it is important not to miss your scheduled dose . if you cannot keep your appointment with the doctor , make sure you call him right away so another appointment can be made as soon as possible . you will receive an injection of trevicta in the upper arm or buttocks once every 3 months . depending on your symptoms , your doctor may increase or decrease the amount of medicine you receive at the time of your next scheduled injection . patients with kidney problems if you have mild kidney problems your doctor will determine the appropriate dose of trevicta based on the dose of 1 - monthly paliperidone palmitate injectable that you have been receiving . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems this medicine should not be used . elderly your doctor will determine your dose of this medicine if your kidney function is reduced . if you are given more trevicta than needed this medicine will be given to you under medical supervision ; it is , therefore , unlikely that you will be given too much . patients who have been given too much paliperidone may experience the following symptoms : drowsiness or sedation , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , an abnormal electrocardiogram ( electrical tracing of the heart ), or slow or abnormal movements of the face , body , arms or legs . if you stop using trevicta if you stop receiving your injections , your symptoms of schizophrenia may get worse . you should not stop using this medicine unless told to do so by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
before starting the treatment your doctor will determine the amount of her2 in your tumour . only patients with a large amount of her2 will be treated with herzuma . herzuma should only be given by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of herzuma depends on your body weight . herzuma is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your veins . the first dose of your treatment is given over 90 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of infusions you receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is herzuma ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . for early breast cancer , metastatic breast cancer and metastatic gastric cancer , herzuma is given every 3 weeks . herzuma may also be given once a week for metastatic breast cancer . if you stop using herzuma do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . all doses should be taken at the right time every week or every three weeks ( depending on your dosing schedule ). this helps your medicine work as well as it can . it may take up to 7 months for herzuma to be removed from your body . therefore your doctor may decide to continue to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . recommended dose for patients aged 12 years and over kaftrio is usually taken with ivacaftor . in the morning , take two kaftrio tablets . they are stamped with " t100 ". in the evening , take one ivacaftor 150 mg tablet . take the morning and evening tablets about 12 hours apart . the tablets are for oral use . take both kaftrio and ivacaftor tablets with food that contains fat . meals or snacks that contain fat include those prepared with butter or oils or those containing eggs . other fat - containing foods are : cheese , whole milk , whole milk dairy products , yogurt , chocolate meats , oily fish avocados , hummus , soy - based products ( tofu ) nuts , fat - containing nutritional bars or drinks avoid food and drink containing grapefruit while you are taking kaftrio . see kaftrio with food and drink in section 2 for more details . swallow the tablets whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets before swallowing . you must keep using all your other medicines , unless your doctor tells you to stop . if you have liver problems , either moderate or severe , your doctor may reduce the dose of your tablets or decide to stop treatment with kaftrio . see also warnings and precautions in section 2 . if you take more kaftrio than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , take your medicine and this leaflet with you . you may get side effects , including those mentioned in section 4 below . if you forget to take kaftrio if you forget a dose , work out how long it is since the dose you missed . if less than 6 hours have passed since you missed a dose , either morning or evening , take the forgotten tablet ( s ) as soon as possible . then go back to your usual schedule . if more than 6 hours have passed : if you missed a morning dose of kaftrio , take it as soon as you remember . do not take the evening dose of ivacaftor . take the next morning dose at the usual time . if you missed an evening dose of ivacaftor , do not take the missed dose . wait for the next day and take the morning dose of kaftrio tablets as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for any missed tablets . if you stop taking kaftrio your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep taking kaftrio . it is important to take this medicine regularly . do not make changes unless your doctor tells you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
dose and when to use your insulin always use your insulin and adjust your dose exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . insulin aspart sanofi is generally used immediately before a meal . eat a meal or snack within 10 minutes of the injection to avoid low blood sugar . when necessary , insulin aspart sanofi can be given soon after a meal ( see " how and where to inject below for information "). do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . if your doctor has switched you from one type or brand of insulin to another , your dose may have to be adjusted by your doctor . use in children and adolescents insulin aspart sanofi can be used in adolescents and children aged 1 year and above instead of soluble human insulin when a rapid onset of effect is preferred . for example , when it is difficult to dose the child in relation to meals . use in special patient groups if you have reduced kidney or liver function , or if you are above 65 years of age , you need to check your blood sugar more regularly and discuss changes in your insulin dose with your doctor . how and where to inject insulin aspart sanofi is for injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). you must never inject yourself directly into a vein ( intravenously ) or muscle ( intramuscularly ). insulin aspart sanofi 100 units / ml in cartridges is only suitable for injecting under the skin using a reusable pen . speak to your doctor if you need to inject your insulin by another method . with each injection , change the injection site within the particular area of skin that you use . this may reduce the risk of developing lumps or skin pitting ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). the best places to give yourself an injection are : the front of your waist ( abdomen ), the upper arm or the front of your thighs . the insulin will work more quickly if you inject into the front of your waist ( abdomen ). you should always measure your blood sugar regularly . to ensure you get the accurate dose , the insulin aspart sanofi cartridges are to be used only with the following pens : - juniorstar which delivers doses in steps of 0 . 5 units - tactipen , allstar and allstar pro which deliver doses in steps of 1 unit . not all of these pens may be marketed in your country . always carry a spare cartridge in case it is lost or damaged . how to inject insulin aspart sanofi inject the insulin under the skin . use the injection technique advised by your doctor or nurse and as described in your pen manual . keep the needle under your skin for at least 10 seconds . keep the dose button held in until the needle has been released from the skin . this will ensure you get your full dose . remove and discard the needle after each injection . do not store insulin aspart sanofi with the needle attached . otherwise the liquid may leak out which can cause inaccurate dosing . always use a new needle for each injection . this helps stop blocked needles , contamination and infection . if you use more insulin than you should if you use too much insulin your blood sugar gets too low ( hypoglycaemia ) ( see " summary of serious and very common side effects " in section 4 ). if you forget to use your insulin if you forget to use your insulin your blood sugar may get too high ( hyperglycaemia ) ( see " effects from diabetes " in section 4 ). if you stop using your insulin do not stop using your insulin without speaking with a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . this could lead to very high blood sugar ( severe hyperglycaemia ) and ketoacidosis ( see " effects from diabetes " in section 4 ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
kymriah will always be given to you by a doctor in a qualified treatment centre . kymriah contains human blood cells . your doctor handling kymriah will therefore take appropriate precautions ( wearing gloves and glasses ) to avoid potential transmission of infectious diseases . giving blood to make kymriah kymriah is made from your own white blood cells . your doctor will take some of your blood using a catheter placed in your vein ( a procedure called leukapheresis ). some of your white blood cells are separated from your blood and the rest of your blood is returned to your vein . this can take 3 to 6 hours and may need to be repeated . your white blood cells are frozen and sent away to make kymriah . it usually takes about 3 to 4 weeks to make kymriah but the time may vary . kymriah is a treatment that is manufactured specifically for you . there are situations where kymriah cannot be successfully manufactured and be given to you . in some cases , a second manufacturing of kymriah may be attempted . before you are given kymriah , your doctor may give you a type of treatment called lymphodepleting chemotherapy for a few days to prepare your body . cancer treatment while kymriah is being made during the period while kymriah is being made , your lymphoma or leukaemia may get worse and your doctor may decide to use an additional treatment ( a type of chemotherapy known as " bridging therapy ") to stabilise your cancer by stopping new cancer cells from developing . this treatment may lead to side effects and these may be severe or life - threatening . your doctor will inform you of the potential side effects of this treatment . medicines given immediately before kymriah treatment during the 30 to 60 minutes before you are given kymriah you may be given other medicines . this is to help prevent infusion reactions and fever . these other medicines may include : paracetamol an antihistamine such as diphenhydramine . how you are given kymriah your doctor will check that the individual patient identifiers on the kymriah infusion bag match up to you . your doctor will give you kymriah by infusion , which means it will be given as a drip through a tube in your vein . this usually takes less than 1 hour . kymriah is a one - time treatment . after you are given kymriah plan to stay within 2 hours ' travel from the hospital where you were treated for at least 4 weeks after you have been given kymriah . your doctor will recommend that you return to the hospital daily for at least 10 days and will consider whether you need to stay at the hospital as an in - patient for the first 10 days after infusion . this is so your doctor can check if your treatment is working and help you if you have any side effects . if you miss an appointment , call your doctor or the hospital as soon as possible to reschedule .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose of telmisartan actavis for most patients is one 40 mg tablet once a day to control blood pressure over the 24 - hour period . your doctor has recommended a lower dose of one 20 mg tablet daily . telmisartan actavis may also be used in combination with diuretics (' water tablets ') such as hydrochlorothiazide which has been shown to have an additive blood pressure lowering effect with telmisartan . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose of telmisartan actavis is one 80 mg tablet once a day . at the beginning of the preventive therapy with telmisartan actavis 80 mg , blood pressure should be frequently monitored . in patients with liver problems the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg once daily . in patients with kidney problems a lower starting dose of 20 mg is recommended . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take telmisartan actavis with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan actavis every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan actavis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more telmisartan actavis than you should it is important to keep to the dose as prescribed by your doctor . if you accidentally take too many tablets ask your doctor what to do or contact your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . the most common symptoms of telmisartan overdose are low blood pressure ( hypotension ) and fast heart beat ( tachycardia ). slow heart beat ( bradycardia ), dizziness , higher levels of creatinine in the blood and sudden kidney failure have also been reported . if you forget to take telmisartan actavis if you forget to take your medicine you should take the dose as soon as you remember on the same day . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking telmisartan actavis take telmisartan actavis every day for as long as your doctor prescribes it in order to keep your blood pressure controlled . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan actavis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of kivexa for adults , adolescents and children weighing 25 kg or more is one tablet once a day . swallow the tablets whole , with some water . kivexa can be taken with or without food . stay in regular contact with your doctor kivexa helps to control your condition . you need to keep taking it every day to stop your illness getting worse . you may still develop other infections and illnesses linked to hiv infection . keep in touch with your doctor , and do not stop taking kivexa without your doctor ' s advice . if you take more kivexa than you should if you accidentally take too much kivexa , tell your doctor or your pharmacist , or contact your nearest hospital emergency department for further advice . if you forget to take kivexa if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . then continue your treatment as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . it is important to take kivexa regularly , because if you take it at irregular intervals , you may be more likely to have a hypersensitivity reaction . if you have stopped taking kivexa if you have stopped taking kivexa for any reason — especially because you think you are having side effects , or because you have other illness : talk to your doctor before you start taking it again . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if the doctor thinks they may have been related , you will be told never again to take kivexa , or any other medicine containing abacavir ( e . g . trizivir , triumeq or ziagen ). it is important that you follow this advice . if your doctor advises that you can start taking kivexa again , you may be asked to take your first doses in a place where you will have ready access to medical care if you need it .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 15 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . use in children and adolescents to allow the start of the treatment at a low dose you can use an alternative formulation ( oral solution - liquid ) more suitable than aripiprazole accord . the dose may be gradually increased to the recommended dose for adolescents of 10 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take aripiprazole accord at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of this medicine without first consulting your doctor . if you take more aripiprazole accord than you should if you realise you have taken more aripiprazole accord than your doctor has recommended ( or if someone else has taken some of your aripiprazole accord ), contact your doctor right away . if you cannot reach your doctor , go to the nearest hospital and take the pack with you . patients who have taken too much aripiprazole have experienced the following symptoms : rapid heartbeat , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech . unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may include : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness , and drowsiness or sleepiness , slower breathing , choking , high or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital immediately if you experience any of the above . if you forget to take aripiprazole accord if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember but do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking aripiprazole accord do not stop your treatment just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking aripiprazole accord for as long as your doctor has told you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
before starting therapy with cholestagel , you should be advised to follow a cholesterol - lowering diet and you should continue this diet during treatment . always take cholestagel exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . as described in section 2 , if you will be taking cholestagel along with another medicine it is possible that your doctor will advise you to take cholestagel at least 4 hours before or at least 4 hours after taking the other medicine . if you take a medicine called either neoral ® or ciclosporin , please ensure to take it with cholestagel in a consistent pattern over the day ; either always together or always separate for a set number of hours . you should take your cholestagel tablets with food and liquid . the tablets should be swallowed whole . do not break , crush or chew the tablets . combination therapy : the recommended dose for cholestagel , when used with a statin or ezetimibe or both together , is 4 to 6 tablets a day by mouth . your doctor may tell you to take the cholestagel dose either once a day or twice a day ; in either case cholestagel should be taken with a meal . the dosing of the statin and the ezetimibe should follow the instructions for that particular medicine . the medicines may be taken at the same time or at separate times according to what your doctor has prescribed . monotherapy : the recommended dose for cholestagel is 3 tablets taken twice a day with meals or 6 tablets a day with a meal . your doctor may increase your dose to 7 tablets per day . if you take more cholestagel than you should please contact your doctor . constipation or bloating could occur . if you forget to take cholestagel you may take your dose with a later meal , but never take in one day more than the total number of tablets that your doctor has prescribed to you in a single day . if you stop taking cholestagel your cholesterol may increase to the level it was before treatment was started . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine is given as 2 injections under your skin ( called ' subcutaneous injections '). how much skyrizi to use the dose is 150 mg given as two 75 mg injections . how much ? when ? 1st dose 150 mg ( two 75 mg injections ) when your doctor tells you 2nd dose 150 mg ( two 75 mg injections ) 4 weeks after 1st dose further doses 150 mg ( two 75 mg injections ) every 12 weeks starting after 2nd dose 27 you and your doctor , pharmacist or nurse will decide if you should inject this medicine yourself . do not inject yourself with this medicine unless you have been trained by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a caregiver may also give your injections after they have been trained . read section 7 ' instructions for use ' at the end of this leaflet before injecting skyrizi yourself . if you use more skyrizi than you should if you have used more skyrizi than you should or the dose has been given sooner than prescribed , talk to your doctor . if you forget to use skyrizi if you forget to use skyrizi , inject a dose as soon as you remember . talk to your doctor if you are not sure what to do . if you stop using skyrizi do not stop using skyrizi without talking to your doctor first . if you stop treatment , your symptoms may come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
- zoledronic acid must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . - your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . - carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid teva is given - the usual single dose given is 4 mg . - if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid teva is given - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid teva every three to four weeks . - if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given a single infusion of zoledronic acid teva . how zoledronic acid teva is given - zoledronic acid teva is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 15 minutes and should be administered as a single intravenous solution in a separate infusion line . patients whose blood calcium levels are not too high will also be prescribed calcium and vitamin d supplements to be taken each day . if you are given more zoledronic acid teva than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because you may develop serum electrolyte abnormalities ( e . g . abnormal levels of calcium , phosphorus and magnesium ) and / or changes in kidney function , including severe kidney impairment . if your level of calcium falls too low , you may have to be given supplemental calcium by infusion .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will give you instructions for proper dosing . the dose for adults is 600 mg once daily . the dose for sustiva may need to be increased or decreased if you are also taking certain medicines ( see other medicines and sustiva ). sustiva is for oral use . sustiva is recommended to be taken on an empty stomach preferably at bedtime . this may make some side effects ( for example , dizziness , drowsiness ) less troublesome . an empty stomach is commonly defined as 1 hour before or 2 hours after a meal . it is recommended that the capsule be swallowed whole with water . sustiva must be taken every day . sustiva should never be used alone to treat hiv . sustiva must always be taken in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . use in children and adolescents sustiva 50 mg hard capsules can be taken by children and adolescents 3 months of age and older and weighing at least 3 . 5 kg who are able to swallow the capsules . opening the capsule and taking the contents with a small amount of food may be considered for children who cannot swallow the hard capsule . the dose for children and adolescents is calculated by body weight and is taken once daily as shown below : body weight sustiva number of capsules or tablets and strength to administer kg dose ( mg ) 3 . 5 to < 5 100 one 100 mg capsule 5 to < 7 . 5 150 one 100 mg capsule + one 50 mg capsule 7 . 5 to < 15 200 one 200 mg capsule 15 to < 20 250 one 200 mg capsule + one 50 mg capsule 20 to < 25 300 three 100 mg capsules 25 to < 32 . 5 350 three 100 mg capsules + one 50 mg capsule 32 . 5 to < 40 400 two 200 mg capsules ≥ 40 600 one 600 mg tablet or three 200 mg capsules for children who are not able to swallow the capsules , the doctor may recommend opening the hard capsule and mixing the contents with a small amount ( 1 - 2 teaspoons ) of food ( e . g ., yogurt ). the capsules must be opened carefully so that the contents do not spill or escape into the air . hold the capsule with the cap facing up and pull the cap away from the body of the capsule . use a small container for mixing . give the mixture to the child as soon as possible , but no more than 30 minutes after mixing . make sure the child eats the full amount of the mixture of food and capsule contents . add another small amount ( approximately 2 teaspoons ) of the food to the empty mixing container , stirring to make sure there is no drug residue remaining in the container , and have the child eat the full amount again . the child should not be given any additional food for 2 hours . the doctor may also recommend this method of taking sustiva for adults who cannot swallow capsules . instructions for capsule sprinkle method : 1 avoid giving the daily sustiva dose within 1 hour after a feeding or meal . 2 wash and dry your hands before and after preparing the capsule sprinkle . 3 choose a soft food the child likes . examples of soft foods are applesauce , grape jelly , yogurt , or infant formula . in a taste preference study in adults , sustiva mixed with grape jelly received the best rating . 4 place 1 - 2 teaspoons of the food in a small container ( illustration a ). 5 sustiva capsules must be opened carefully over the food container , as described in steps 6 - 7 , so that the contents do not spill . 6 with your hands over the container , hold the capsule with the cap facing up ( see illustration b ). 7 carefully pull the cap away from the body of the capsule ( illustration c ). 8 sprinkle the contents of the capsule on the food ( illustration d ). 9 if the daily dose consists of more than one capsule , follow steps 5 - 8 for each capsule . do not add more food . mix the capsule contents and food together ( illustration e ). steps 11 - 14 must be completed within 30 minutes of mixing : 11 give the mixture of food and capsule contents to the child , making sure he or she eats the full amount ( illustration f ). add another small amount ( approximately 2 teaspoons ) of the food to the empty mixing container ( illustration a ). stir to make sure there is no drug residue remaining in the container ( illustration e ). have the child eat the full amount again ( illustration f ). do not give the child any additional food for 2 hours . if you take more sustiva than you should if you take too much sustiva contact your doctor or nearest emergency department for advice . keep the medicine container with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take sustiva try not to miss a dose . if you do miss a dose , take the next dose as soon as possible , but do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you need help in planning the best times to take your medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking sustiva when your sustiva supply starts to run low , get more from your doctor or pharmacist . this is very important because the amount of virus may start to increase if the medicine is stopped for even a short time . the virus may then become harder to treat . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines will supervise your erbitux therapy . during each infusion and for at least 1 hour afterwards , your condition will be checked regularly for early signs of a possible infusion - related side effect . pre - treatment before the first dose , you will receive an antiallergic medicine in order to reduce the risk of an allergic reaction . your doctor will decide whether such pre - treatment is necessary for subsequent doses . dosage and administration erbitux is usually infused into a vein ( given as a drip ) once a week . your doctor will calculate the correct dose of erbitux for you because it depends on your body surface area . the first dose ( 400 mg / m² body surface area ) is infused over a period of approximately 2 hours with an infusion rate not faster than 5 mg / min . each subsequent dose ( 250 mg / m² body surface area ) is infused in approximately 1 hour with an infusion rate not faster than 10 mg / min . detailed instructions for your doctor or your nurse on how to prepare the erbitux infusion are included at the end of this package leaflet ( see ' handling instructions '). duration of treatment erbitux is usually infused once a week . the duration of treatment may vary depending on your disease as well as from person to person and your doctor will therefore discuss with you how long you will receive erbitux . combination with other anticancer treatments if you receive erbitux in combination with other anticancer medicines , these medicines must be administered at least 1 hour after the end of the erbitux infusion . if you receive erbitux in combination with radiation therapy , treatment with erbitux is usually started one week before radiation therapy . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and frequency when you first start using effentora , your doctor will work with you to find the dose that will relieve your breakthrough pain . it is very important that you use effentora exactly as the doctor tells you the initial dose is 100 micrograms . during determination of your right dose , your doctor may instruct you to take more than one tablet per episode . if your breakthrough pain is not relieved after 30 minutes , use only 1 more tablet of effentora during the titration period . once the right dose has been determined with your doctor , use 1 tablet for an episode of breakthrough pain as a general rule . in the further course of treatment your requirement for analgesic therapy may change . higher doses may be necessary . if your breakthrough pain is not relieved after 30 minutes , use only 1 more tablet of effentora during this dose - readjustment period . contact your doctor if your right dose of effentora does not relieve your breakthrough pain . your doctor will decide if your dose needs to be changed . wait at least 4 hours before treating another episode of breakthrough pain with effentora . you must let your doctor know immediately if you are using effentora more than four times per day , as a change may be required to your treatment regimen . your doctor may change the treatment for your persistent pain ; when your persistent pain is controlled , your doctor may need to change the dose of effentora . if your doctor suspects effentora - related increased sensitivity to pain ( hyperalgesia ), a reduction of your effentora dose may be considered ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). for the most effective relief , let your doctor know about your pain and how effentora is working for you , so that the dose can be changed if needed . do not change doses of effentora or your other pain medicines on your own . any change in dosage must be prescribed and monitored by your doctor . if you are not sure about the right dose , or if you have questions about taking this medicine , you should contact your doctor . method of administration effentora buccal tablets are for oromucosal use . when you place a tablet in your mouth , it dissolves and the medicine is absorbed through the lining of your mouth , into the blood system . taking the medicine in this way allows it to be absorbed quickly to relieve your breakthrough pain . taking the medicine open the blister only when you are ready to use the tablet . the tablet must be used immediately once removed from the blister . separate one of the blister units from the blister card by tearing apart at the perforations . bend the blister unit along the line where indicated . peel the blister backing to expose the tablet . do not attempt to push the tablet through the blister , because this can damage the tablet . remove the tablet from the blister unit and immediately place the entire tablet near a molar tooth between the gum and the cheek ( as shown in the picture ). sometimes , your doctor may tell you to place the tablet under your tongue instead . do not attempt to crush or split the tablet . do not bite , suck , chew , or swallow the tablet , as this will result in less pain relief than when taken as directed . the tablet should be left between the cheek and gum until dissolved , which usually takes approximately 14 to 25 minutes . you may feel a gentle bubbling sensation between your cheek and gum as the tablet dissolves . in case of irritation , you may change the placement of the tablet on the gum . after 30 minutes , if pieces of the tablet remain , they may be swallowed with a glass of water . if you use more effentora than you should the most common side effects are feeling sleepy , sick or dizzy . if you begin to feel very dizzy , or very sleepy before the tablet is completely dissolved , rinse your mouth with water and spit the remaining pieces of the tablet into a sink or toilet right away . a serious side effect of effentora is slow and / or shallow breathing . this can occur if your dose of effentora is too high or if you take too much effentora . if this occurs , please seek immediate medical assistance . if you forget to use effentora if the breakthrough pain is still ongoing , you may take effentora as prescribed by your physician . if the breakthrough pain has stopped , do not take effentora until the next breakthrough pain episode . if you stop using effentora you should discontinue effentora when you no longer have any breakthrough pain . you must however continue to take your usual opioid pain relieving medicine to treat your persistent cancer pain as advised by your doctor . you may experience withdrawal symptoms similar to the possible side effects of effentora when discontinuing effentora . if you experience withdrawal symptoms or if you are concerned about your pain relief , you should contact your doctor . your doctor will evaluate if you need medicine to reduce or eliminate the withdrawal symptoms . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of pemetrexed sandoz is 500 mg for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed sandoz powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed sandoz by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed sandoz in combination with cisplatin the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed sandoz has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines corticosteriods : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed sandoz treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1000 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed sandoz . you must take at least 5 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 1000 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed sandoz and then approximately every 9 weeks ( corresponding to 3 courses of pemetrexed sandoz treatment ). vitamin b12 and folic acid are given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . - the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and one inhalation in the evening . - you can use brimica genuair anytime before or after food or drink . - the effects of brimica genuair last for 12 hours ; therefore , you should try to use brimica genuair at the same time each morning and evening as this will ensure that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . taking your medicine at regular times will also help you to remember to use it . - the recommended dose can be used for elderly patients and for patients with kidney or liver problems . no dose adjustments are necessary in these patients . - brimica genuair is for inhalation use . - instructions for use : refer to the instructions for use at the end of this leaflet for instructions on how to use the genuair inhaler . if you are not sure of how to use brimica genuair , contact your doctor or pharmacist . copd is a long - term disease ; therefore , brimica genuair is for long - term use . the medicine must be used every day , twice a day and not only when breathing problems or other symptoms of copd are experienced . if you use more brimica genuair than you should if you think you may have used more brimica genuair than you should , you are more likely to experience some of its side effects , such as blurred vision , dry mouth , feeling sick , shaking / tremor , headache , palpitations or an increase in blood pressure , therefore you must immediately contact your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the packaging of brimica genuair . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use brimica genuair if you forget a dose of brimica genuair , just take it as soon as possible and take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using brimica genuair this medicine is for long - term use . if you want to stop treatment , first talk to your doctor , as your symptoms may worsen . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . neuraceq will only be used in specially controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by professionals who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . dose the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the amount of neuraceq to be used in your case . it will be the smallest amount necessary to get the desired information . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult is 300 mbq ( megabecquerel , the unit used to express radioactivity ). administration of neuraceq and conduct of the procedure neuraceq is given as an injection into your vein ( intravenous injection ) followed by a flush of sodium chloride solution to ensure full delivery of the dose . one injection is sufficient to carry out the scan that your doctor needs . duration of the procedure a brain scan is usually taken 90 minutes after neuraceq is given . your nuclear medicine doctor will inform you about the usual duration of the procedure . after administration of neuraceq , you should : avoid any close contact with young children and pregnant women for 24 hours following the injection . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more neuraceq than you should an overdose is unlikely since you will only receive a single dose of neuraceq precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . in particular , the nuclear medicine doctor in charge of the procedure may provide ways to increase the passing of urine and stools in order to help remove radioactivity from your body . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . starting dose 120 mg twice a day . take this starting dose for the first 7 days , then take the regular dose . regular dose 240 mg twice a day . tecfidera is for oral use swallow each capsule whole , with some water . do not divide , crush , dissolve , suck or chew the capsule as this may increase some side effects . take tecfidera with food it may help to reduce some of the very common side effects ( listed in section 4 ). if you take more tecfidera than you should if you have taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may experience side effects similar to those described below in section 4 . if you forget to take tecfidera if you forget or miss a dose , do not take a double dose . you may take the missed dose if you leave at least 4 hours between the doses . otherwise wait until your next planned dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin zentiva is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder take the number of hard capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you to take pregabalin zentiva either twice or three times a day . for twice a day take pregabalin zentiva once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . for three times a day take pregabalin zentiva once in the morning , once in the afternoon and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin zentiva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin zentiva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin zentiva until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin zentiva than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box of pregabalin zentiva hard capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin zentiva than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin zentiva it is important to take your pregabalin zentiva hard capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin zentiva do not stop taking pregabalin zentiva unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term pregabalin treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , headache , nausea , feeling anxious , diarrhoea , flulike symptoms , convulsions , nervousness , depression , pain , sweating , and dizziness . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking pregabalin for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with veyvondi will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with von willebrand disease . your doctor will calculate your dose of veyvondi ( in international units or iu ). the dose depends on : - body weight , - the site of the bleeding - intensity of the bleeding , - your clinical condition , - the required surgery - the vwf activity levels in your blood after surgery - the severity of your disease your doctor may test your blood to make sure that you have adequate levels of von willebrand factor . this is particularly important if you are having major surgery . treatment of bleeding episodes your doctor will calculate the dose that is most appropriate for you , how often you should receive veyvondi and for how long . for minor bleeding ( e . g . nose bleed , oral bleeding , menorrhagia ), each initial dose is usually 40 to 50 iu / kg and for major bleeding ( severe or refractory nose bleed , menorrhagia , gastrointestinal bleeding , central nervous system trauma , haemarthrosis , or traumatic haemorrhage ), each initial dose is 50 to 80 iu / kg . subsequent doses ( as clinically required ) are 40 to 50 iu / kg every 8 to 24 hours for minor bleeds as long as deemed clinically necessary and for major bleeds 40 to 60 iu / kg for approximately 2 - 3 days . if you feel that veyvondi is not working well enough , talk to your doctor . your doctor will perform tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of von willebrand factor . if you use veyvondi at home , your doctor will make sure that you are shown how to infuse it and how much to use . prevention of bleeding in case of elective surgery for prevention of excessive bleeding your doctor will assess the fviii : c levels within 3 hours before surgery . if your fviii level is inadequate your doctor may give you a dose of 40 - 60 iu / kg veyvondi 12 - 24 hours ( pre - operative dose ) prior to initiating elective surgery in order to raise fviii levels to the target level ( 0 . 4 iu / ml for minor and at least 0 . 8 iu / ml for major surgery ). within 1 hour prior to surgery , you will receive a dose of veyvondi based on the assessment 3 hours before surgery . the dose depends on vwf and fviii levels of the patient , the type and severity of the expected bleeding . how veyvondi is given veyvondi is usually infused into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . detailed instructions for reconstitution and admnistration are given at the end of this package leaflet . use in children and adolescents veyvondi is not approved for use in children and adolescents below 18 years . if you use more veyvondi than you should always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you infuse more veyvondi than recommended , tell your doctor as soon as possible . there may be a risk of developing blood clots ( thrombosis ) in case of an accidental high dose . if you forget to use veyvondi - do not infuse a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . - proceed with the next infusion as scheduled and continue as advised by your doctor . if you stop using veyvondi do not stop using veyvondi without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
comirnaty is given after dilution as an injection of 0 . 3 ml into a muscle of your upper arm . you will receive 2 injections , given at least 21 days apart . after the first dose of comirnaty , you should receive a second dose of the same vaccine after 21 days to complete the vaccination course . if you have any further questions on the use of comirnaty , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
buvidal must be given by healthcare professionals only . buvidal 8 mg , 16 mg , 24 mg and 32 mg are given weekly . buvidal 64 mg , 96 mg and 128 mg are given monthly . your doctor will determine the best dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending on how well the medicine works . starting treatment the first dose of buvidal will be given to you when you show clear signs of withdrawal . if you are dependent on short - acting opioids ( e . g . morphine or heroin ), the first dose of buvidal will be given to you at least 6 hours after you last used an opioid . if you are dependent on long - acting opioids ( e . g . methadone ), your dose of methadone will be reduced to below 30 mg per day before beginning with buvidal . the first dose of this medicine will be given to you at least 24 hours after you last used methadone . if you are not already receiving sublingual ( under the tongue ) buprenorphine ( the same active substance as in buvidal ), the recommended starting dose is 16 mg , with one or two additional buvidal 8 mg doses given at least 1 day apart during the first treatment week . this means a target dose of 24 mg or 32 mg during the first treatment week . if you have not used buprenorphine before you will receive a 4 mg sublingual buprenorphine dose and be observed for an hour before the first buvidal dose . buvidal for monthly treatment can be used , if appropriate for you , once stabilisation has been achieved with buvidal for weekly treatment ( four weeks treatment or more , where practical ). if you are already taking sublingual buprenorphine , you can start receiving buvidal the day after your last treatment . your doctor will prescribe the correct starting dose of buvidal for you depending on the dose of sublingual buprenorphine you are now taking . continuing treatment and dose adjustment during continued treatment with buvidal , your doctor may decrease or increase your dose according to your need . you may be switched from weekly and monthly treatment and from monthly to weekly treatment . your doctor will prescribe the correct dose for you . during continued treatment , you might receive one additional buvidal 8 mg dose between your weekly or monthly treatments if your doctor thinks this is appropriate for you . the maximum dose per week if you are on weekly buvidal treatment is 32 mg with an additional 8 mg dose . the maximum dose per month if you are on monthly buvidal treatment is 128 mg with an additional 8 mg dose . route of administration buvidal is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) in any of the allowed injection areas buttock , thigh , abdomen or upper arm . you can receive several injections in the same injection area , but the exact injection sites will be different for each weekly and monthly injection for a minimum period of 8 weeks . if you use more buprenorphine than you should if you have received more buprenorphine than you should you need to contact your doctor immediately since this can cause very slow and shallow breathing which can lead to death . if you use too much buprenorphine , you must immediately seek medical attention as overdose may cause serious and life - threatening breathing problems . symptoms of overdose may include breathing more slowly and weakly than usual , feeling more sleepy than normal , smaller pupils . if you start to feel faint as this may be a sign of low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomit and / or slurred speech . if you miss a dose of buvidal it is very important to keep all your appointments to receive buvidal . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you stop using buvidal do not stop treatment without checking with the doctor who is treating you . stopping treatment may cause withdrawal symptoms . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
crysvita should be given by injection under the skin in the arm , abdomen , buttock or thigh by a trained healthcare provider . how much crysvita you will be given the dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . crysvita will be injected every two weeks . your doctor will perform checks to make sure that you are getting the right dose and may change your dose if needed . the maximum dose you will be given is 90 mg . if you have been given more crysvita than you should if you think that you have been given too much crysvita , tell your doctor straight away . if you miss a dose of crysvita if a dose is missed , talk to your doctor straight away . the missed dose should be given as soon as possible and your doctor will re - arrange future doses accordingly . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
treatment with fingolimod accord will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : the dose is one 0 . 5 mg capsule per day . children and adolescents ( 10 years of age and above ): the dose depends on body weight . children and adolescents with body weight equal to or below 40 kg : one 0 . 25 mg capsule per day . children and adolescents with body weight above 40 kg : one 0 . 5 mg capsule per day . children and adolescents who start on one 0 . 25 mg capsule per day and later reach a stable body weight above 40 kg will be instructed by their doctor to switch to one 0 . 5 mg capsule per day . in this case , it is recommended to repeat the first - dose observation period . fingolimod accord is only available as 0 . 5 mg hard capsules which are not suitable for children and adolescents with a body weight equal to or below 40 kg . other fingolimod - containing medicines are available in 0 . 25 mg strength . ask your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . fingolimod accord is for oral use . take fingolimod accord once a day with a glass of water . fingolimod accord capsules should always be swallowed intact , without opening them . fingolimod accord can be taken with or without food . taking fingolimod accord at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . if you have questions about how long to take fingolimod accord , talk to your doctor or your pharmacist . if you take more fingolimod accord than you should if you have taken too much fingolimod accord , call your doctor straight away . if you forget to take fingolimod accord if you have been taking fingolimod accord for less than 1 month and you forget to take 1 dose for a whole day , call your doctor before you take the next dose . your doctor may decide to keep you under observation at the time you take the next dose . if you have been taking fingolimod accord for at least 1 month and have forgotten to take your treatment for more than 2 weeks , call your doctor before you take the next dose . your doctor may decide to keep you under observation at the time you take the next dose . however , if you have forgotten to take your treatment for up to 2 weeks , you can take the next dose as planned . never take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking fingolimod accord do not stop taking fingolimod accord or change your dose without talking to your doctor first . fingolimod accord will stay in your body for up to 2 months after you stop taking it . your white blood cell count ( lymphocyte count ) may also remain low during this time and the side effects described in this leaflet may still occur . after stopping fingolimod accord you may have to wait for 6 - 8 weeks before starting a new ms treatment . if you have to restart fingolimod accord more than 2 weeks after you stop taking it , the effect on heart rate normally seen when treatment is first started may re - occur and you will need to be monitored at the doctor ' s surgery or clinic for re - initiation of treatment . do not restart fingolimod accord after stopping it for more than two weeks without seeking advice from your doctor . your doctor will decide whether and how you need to be monitored after stopping fingolimod accord . tell your doctor straight away if you think your ms is getting worse after you have stopped treatment with fingolimod accord . this could be serious . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 0 . 1 ml for individuals 60 years of age and over . idflu is administered to you by your doctor or nurse . idflu is given as an injection into the upper layer of the skin ( preferably the muscle of the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 500 micrograms tablet once daily . swallow the tablet with some water . you may take this medicine with or without food . take the tablet at the same time every day . you may need to take libertek for several weeks to achieve its beneficial effect . if you take more libertek than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , you may experience the following symptoms : headache , nausea , diarrhoea , dizziness , throbbing of your heart , light - headedness , clamminess and low blood pressure . tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if possible take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take libertek if you forget to take a tablet at the usual time , take the tablet as soon as you remember on the same day . if on one day you have forgotten to take a tablet of libertek , just carry on the next day with the next tablet as usual . continue taking your medicine at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking libertek it is important to continue taking libertek for as long as prescribed by your doctor , even when you have no symptoms , in order to maintain control of your lung function . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your child must always take this medicine exactly as their doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your child ' s doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : children aged 6 to less than 12 years who weigh from 17 kg to less than 22 kg : 1 tablet each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). your child ' s doctor will monitor their weight . your child must always take the dose recommended by their doctor . this is to make sure that their medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your child ' s doctor tells you to . for hiv , your child ' s doctor will prescribe viread with other antiretroviral medicines . refer to the patient information leaflets of the other antiretrovirals for guidance on how to take those medicines . if your child takes more viread than they should if your child accidentally takes too many viread tablets , they may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). contact your child ' s doctor or nearest emergency department for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what your child has taken . if your child forgets to take viread it is important not to miss a dose of viread . if your child misses a dose , work out how long since they should have taken it . if it is less than 12 hours after it is usually taken , they should take it as soon as they can , and then take their next dose at its regular time . if it is more than 12 hours since your child should have taken it , forget about the missed dose . wait and give the next dose at the regular time . do not give a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if your child throws up less than 1 hour after taking viread , give your child another tablet . your child does not need to take another tablet if they were sick more than 1 hour after taking viread . if your child stops taking viread your child must not stop taking viread without their doctor ' s advice . stopping treatment with viread may reduce the effectiveness of the treatment recommended by your child ' s doctor . if your child has hepatitis b or hiv and hepatitis b together ( co - infection ), it is very important not to stop their viread treatment without talking to your child ' s doctor first . some patients have had blood tests or symptoms indicating that their hepatitis has got worse after stopping viread . your child may require blood tests for several months after stopping treatment . in some patients with advanced liver disease or cirrhosis , stopping treatment is not recommended as this may lead to worsening of your child ' s hepatitis . talk to your child ' s doctor before your child stops taking viread for any reason , particularly if your child is experiencing any side effects or they have another illness . tell your child ' s doctor immediately about new or unusual symptoms after your child stops treatment , particularly symptoms you associate with hepatitis b infection . contact your child ' s doctor before your child restarts taking viread tablets . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your child ' s doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take starting dose - to lower your high potassium level to normal : the recommended dose is 10 g taken three times a day . the medicine takes one to two days to work . do not take this starting dose for more than three days . maintenance dose - to keep your potassium level within the normal range after it has been lowered : the recommended dose is 5 g taken once a day . your doctor may decide that you need more ( 10 g once a day ) or less than this ( 5 g every other day ). do not take a maintenance dose of more than 10 g once a day . if you are on haemodialysis therapy : take lokelma only on non - dialysis days . the recommended starting dose is 5 g taken once a day . your doctor may decide that you need more ( up to 15 g once a day ). do not take more than 15 g once a day . taking this medicine try to take lokelma at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without meal . how to take open the sachet and pour the powder into a drinking glass with approximately 45 ml of still ( non - carbonated ) water . stir well and drink the tasteless liquid straight away . the powder does not dissolve and the liquid appears cloudy . the white powder will settle in the glass quickly . if this happens , stir the liquid again and drink it all up . rinse the glass with more water and drink it all up to take all the medicine . if you take more lokelma than you should : if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor straight away . do not take any more until you have spoken to a doctor . if you forget to take lokelma if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose as usual at your normal time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lokelma do not reduce the dose of this medicine or stop taking it without talking to the doctor who prescribed it . this is because you may get high potassium levels in your blood again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is 0 . 34 ml / kg / day . your doctor will prescribe the dose in ml . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor according to your vitamin e blood level . method of administration swallow the solution with or without water . use only with the oral syringe provided in the box . you can take vedrop before or during your meal , with or without water . to measure the dose : 1 - open the bottle . 2 - put the oral syringe included in the pack in the bottle . 3 - fill the oral syringe with the liquid by pulling the plunger up to the graduation mark corresponding to the quantity in millilitres ( ml ) prescribed by your doctor . 4 - remove the oral syringe from the bottle . 5 - empty the contents of the syringe by pushing the plunger to the bottom either : - directly into the mouth , or - into a glass of water and then drink the entire content of the glass . 6 - close the bottle . 7 - wash the syringe with water . if you take more vedrop than you should if you take large doses of vitamin e , you may experience temporary diarrhoea and stomach ache . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if symptoms persist more than two days . if you forget to take vedrop skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vedrop do not stop the treatment without consulting your doctor because lack of vitamin e may come back and affect your health . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . use your aerivio spiromax every day until your doctor advises you to stop . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking aerivio spiromax or reduce the dose of aerivio spiromax without talking to your doctor first . aerivio spiromax should be inhaled through the mouth into the lungs . the recommended dose is : severe asthma in adults 18 years of age and older one inhalation twice a day chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) one inhalation twice a day if you are using aerivio spiromax for asthma , your doctor will want to check your symptoms regularly . your doctor will help you to manage your asthma and will adjust the dose of this medicine to the lowest dose that controls your asthma . if your doctor feels that you need a lower dose than is available from your aerivio spiromax , your doctor may prescribe an alternative inhaler containing the same active substances as your aerivio spiromax but with a lower dose of the corticosteroid . however , do not change the number of inhalations your doctor has prescribed without talking to your doctor first . if your asthma or breathing gets worse tell your doctor straight away . if you feel more wheezy , your chest feels tight more often or you need to use more of your fast - acting ' reliever ' medicine , your chest condition may be getting worse and you could become seriously ill . you should continue to take aerivio spiromax but do not increase the number of puffs you take . see your doctor at once as you may need additional treatment . instructions for use training your doctor , nurse or pharmacist should provide you with training on how to use your inhaler , including how to take a dose effectively . this training is important to ensure you receive the dose you require . if you have not received this training please ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist to show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist should also check how you use your spiromax device from time to time to ensure that you are using the device properly and as prescribed . if you are not using aerivio spiromax properly and / or you are not breathing in forcefully enough , this may mean that you are not getting enough of the medicine into your lungs . if you are not getting enough medicine into your lungs , it will not help your asthma or copd as it should preparing your aerivio spiromax before using your aerivio spiromax for the first time , you need to prepare it for use as follows : check the dose indicator to see that there are 60 inhalations in the inhaler . write the date you opened the foil pouch on the label on the inhaler . you do not need to shake your inhaler before you use it . how to take an inhalation 1 . hold your inhaler with the semi - transparent yellow mouthpiece cover at the bottom . you do not need to shake your inhaler . 2 . open the mouthpiece cover by folding it down until you hear one loud click . your inhaler is now ready for use . 3 . breathe out gently ( as far as is comfortable ). do not breathe out through your inhaler . 4 . place the mouthpiece between your teeth . do not bite the mouthpiece . close your lips around the mouthpiece . take care not to block the air vents . breathe in through your mouth as deeply and as forcefully as you can . note that it is important that you breathe in forcefully . 5 . hold your breath for 10 seconds or as long as you comfortably can . 6 . remove your inhaler from your mouth . you may notice a taste when you take your inhalation . 7 . then breathe out gently ( do not breathe out through the inhaler ). close the mouthpiece cover . afterwards , rinse your mouth with water and spit it out and / or brush your teeth . this may help to stop you getting thrush in your mouth and / or becoming hoarse . do not try to take your inhaler apart , remove or twist the mouthpiece cover . the mouthpiece cover is fixed to your inhaler and must not be taken off . do not use your inhaler if it is damaged or if the mouthpiece has come apart from your inhaler . do not open and close the mouthpiece cover unless you are about to use your inhaler . if you open and close the mouthpiece without taking an inhalation the dose will be securely held inside the inhaler ready for the next inhalation . it is impossible to accidentally take extra medicine or a double dose in one inhalation . keep the mouthpiece closed all the time unless you are about to use your inhaler . cleaning your inhaler keep your inhaler dry and clean . if necessary you may wipe the mouthpiece of your inhaler after use with a dry cloth or tissue . when to start using a new aerivio spiromax the dose indicator on the rear of the device tells you how many doses ( inhalations ) are left in your inhaler , starting with 60 inhalations when it is full . the dose indicator shows the number of inhalations remaining in even numbers only . for inhalations remaining from 20 downwards to ' 8 ', ' 6 ', ' 4 ', ' 2 ' the numbers are displayed in red on a white background . when the numbers become red in the window , you should see your doctor and get a new inhaler . note : the mouthpiece will still ' click ' even when your inhaler is empty . if you open and close the mouthpiece without taking an inhalation the dose indicator will still register it as a count . if you use more aerivio spiromax than you should it is important to use the inhaler as instructed . if you accidentally take more doses than is recommended , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . you may notice your heart beating faster than usual and that you feel shaky . you may also have dizziness , a headache , muscle weakness and aching joints . if you have used too many doses of aerivio spiromax for a long time , you should talk to your doctor or pharmacist for advice . this is because using too much aerivio spiromax may reduce the amount of steroid hormones produced by your adrenal glands . if you forget to use aerivio spiromax do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop using aerivio spiromax it is very important that you take your aerivio spiromax every day as directed . keep taking it until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop or suddenly reduce your dose of aerivio spiromax . this could make your breathing worse . in addition , if you suddenly stop taking aerivio spiromax or reduce your dose of aerivio spiromax this may ( very rarely ) cause you to have problems with your adrenal glands ( adrenal insufficiency ) which sometimes causes side effects . these side effects may include any of the following : stomach pain tiredness and loss of appetite , feeling sick sickness and diarrhoea weight loss headache or drowsiness low levels of sugar in your blood low blood pressure and seizures ( fits ) when your body is under stress such as from fever , trauma ( such as an accident or injury ), infection , or surgery , adrenal insufficiency can get worse and you may have any of the side effects listed above . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . to prevent these symptoms , your doctor may prescribe extra corticosteroids in tablet form ( such as prednisolone ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
yondelis is given to you under the supervision of a physician experienced in the use of chemotherapy . its use should be confined to qualified oncologists or other health professionals specialised in the administration of cytotoxic medicines . for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma , the usual dose is 1 . 5 mg / m2 of body surface area . during the treatment period , your doctor will carefully monitor you and decide the most appropriate dosage of yondelis to give to you . the recommended dose in japanese patients is lower than the usual dose for all other races , and is 1 . 2 mg / m2 of body surface area . for the treatment of ovarian cancer , the usual dose is 1 . 1 mg / m2 body surface area after the administration of 30 mg / m2 body surface area of pld . before yondelis is given to you , it is reconstituted and diluted for intravenous use . every time you are given yondelis for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma , it will take about 24 hours for all of the solution to enter your blood . it will take 3 hours for the treatment of ovarian cancer . in order to avoid irritation at the site of injection it is recommended that yondelis is given to you through a central venous line . you will be given a medicine before and as needed during the treatment with yondelis in order to protect your liver and to reduce the risk of side effects such as feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting . the infusion is given to you every 3 weeks , although occasionally your doctor may recommend dose delays to ensure that you receive the most appropriate dose of yondelis . the length of your whole treatment period will depend on your progress and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment lasts . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , nurse or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 30 mg once a week , injected on the same day each week . your doctor may increase your dose to 50 mg once weekly if your blood sugar is not controlled by the 30 mg dose . if necessary you can change the day of the week on which you use eperzan , as long as it is at least 4 days since your last dose . you can use eperzan at any time of day , with or without meals . eperzan comes in a pen injector that you can inject yourself . talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist about how to inject eperzan the right way . you inject eperzan under your skin in your stomach area , upper leg ( thigh ) or in the back of your upper arm . you can inject the same area of your body each week , but don ' t inject in exactly the same place every time . eperzan must not be injected into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a muscle ( intramuscularly ). the pen injector contains powder and water which you need to mix before you can use it . after section 6 of this leaflet there are instructions for use giving you step - by - step instructions on how to mix your medicine and how to inject it . if you have questions or do not understand how to use your pen , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . never mix insulin and eperzan together . if you need to give yourself both at the same time , use two separate injections . you may give both injections in the same body area ( for example , your stomach area ), but you should not give the injections very close together . if you use more eperzan than you should if you use too much eperzan , contact a doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may feel very sick ( severe nausea ), be sick ( vomit ), or get a headache . if you forget to use eperzan if you miss a dose , inject the next dose as soon as possible within 3 days after the missed dose . after that , you can go back to having your injection on the usual day . if it is more than 3 days since you missed your dose , wait until your usually scheduled day for your next injection . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using eperzan use eperzan for as long as your doctor recommends . if you stop using eperzan , your blood sugar levels may be affected . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
daptomycin hospira will usually be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . adults ( 18 years of age and above ) the dose will depend on how much you weigh and the type of infection being treated . the usual dose for adults is 4 mg for every kilogram ( kg ) of body weight once daily for skin infections or 6 mg for every kg of body weight once daily for a heart infection or a blood infection associated with skin or heart infection . in adult patients , this dose is given directly into your blood stream ( into a vein ), either as an infusion lasting about 30 minutes or as an injection lasting about 2 minutes . the same dose is recommended in people aged over 65 years provided their kidneys are working well . if your kidneys do not work well , you may receive daptomycin hospira less often , e . g . once every other day . if you are receiving dialysis , and your next dose of daptomycin hospira is due on a dialysis day , you will be usually given daptomycin hospira after the dialysis session . children and adolescents ( 1 to 17 years of age ) the dose for children and adolescents ( 1 to 17 years of age ) will depend on the age of patient and the type of infection being treated . this dose is given directly into the blood stream ( into a vein ), as an infusion lasting about 30 - 60 minutes . a course of treatment usually lasts for 1 to 2 weeks for skin infections . for blood or heart infections and skin infections your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . detailed instructions for use and handling are given at the end of the leaflet .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . you will usually start by taking 24 mg / 26 mg or 49 mg / 51 mg twice a day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). your doctor will decide your exact starting dose based on which medicines you have been taking previously . your doctor will then adjust the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment until the best dose for you is found . the usual recommended target dose is 97 mg / 103 mg twice a day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). patients taking entresto can develop low blood pressure ( dizziness , light - headedness ), a high level of potassium in the blood ( which would be detected when your doctor performed a blood test ) or decreased kidney function . if this happens , your doctor may reduce the dose of any other medicine you are taking , temporarily reduce your entresto dose , or stop your entresto treatment completely . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take entresto with or without food . if you take more entresto than you should if you have accidentally taken too many entresto tablets , or if someone else has taken your tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you experience severe dizziness and / or fainting , tell your doctor as quickly as possible and lie down . if you forget to take entresto it is advisable to take your medicine at the same time each day . however , if you forget to take a dose , you should simply take the next one at the scheduled time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking entresto stopping your treatment with entresto may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take tekturna exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 300 mg tablet once daily . your doctor may prescribe tekturna together with other medicines used to treat high blood pressure . method of administration it is recommended that you take the tablets with some water . you should take tekturna with a light meal once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you should not take tekturna together with grapefruit juice . if you take more tekturna than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tekturna tablets , consult a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take tekturna if you forget to take a dose of tekturna , take it as soon as you remember and then take the next dose at its usual time . however , if it is almost time for your next dose you should simply take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 50 mg . you should not take sildenafil actavis more than once a day . you should take sildenafil actavis about one hour before sexual activity . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . if you feel that the effect of sildenafil actavis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . the amount of time sildenafil actavis takes to work varies from person to person , but it normally takes between half an hour and one hour . you may find that sildenafil actavis takes longer to work if you take it with a heavy meal . if sildenafil actavis does not help you to get an erection , or if your erection does not last long enough for you to complete sexual intercourse you should tell your doctor . if you take more sildenafil actavis than you should you may experience an increase in side effects and their severity . doses above 100 mg do not increase the efficacy . you should not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to . contact your doctor if you take more tablets than you should . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much to take always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . before starting treatment , your doctor will measure your platelet count . the recommended dose of tavlesse is 100 mg twice daily ( one tablet of 100 mg ). however , your doctor will check your platelet counts during your treatment with tavlesse and may change your dose as needed . after starting treatment with tavlesse , the dose can be increased to 150 mg twice daily ( one tablet of 150 mg ) based on platelet count and tolerability . a daily dose of 300 mg ( two tablets of 150 mg ) daily must not be exceeded . if you do not respond to treatment with fostamatinib , your doctor will stop treatment if you have liver problems or high blood pressure , your doctor may start you on a lower dose . if you get serious side effects ( such as high blood pressure , liver problems , diarrhoea or a decrease in white blood cell counts ), your doctor may lower your dose or stop your treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take tavlesse swallow the tablets whole with water . tavlesse can be taken with food or between meals . in case of stomach upset , take the tablets with food . if you are sick if you are sick at any time after taking tavlesse , do not take an additional tablet . take your next dose at its regularly scheduled time . if you take more tavlesse than you should if you take too much tavlesse , call your doctor or pharmacist right away or go to the nearest hospital emergency room . if you forget to take tavlesse do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . take your next dose at its regularly scheduled time . if you stop taking tavlesse it is important to take tavlesse for as long as your doctor prescribes it . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscles of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a vein . adults from 18 onwards : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be given . a second dose of 0 . 5 ml should be given after an interval of at least 3 weeks . there is limited experience in elderly over 70 years of age . use in children children from 6 months to 17 years of age there is limited experience in children between 6 months and 17 years of age . vaccination is currently not recommended in this age group . children aged less than 6 months of age vaccination is currently not recommended in this age group . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicinal product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . levetiracetam actavis group must be taken twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . take the oral solution following your doctor ' s instructions . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age : measure the appropriate dosage using the 10 ml syringe included in the package for patients 4 years and above . general dose : levetiracetam actavis group is taken twice daily , in two equally divided doses , each individual dose being measured between 5 ml ( 500 mg ) and 15 ml ( 1 , 500 mg ). when you will first start taking levetiracetam actavis group , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ): measure the appropriate dosage using the 10 ml syringe included in the package for patients of 4 years and above . general dose : levetiracetam actavis group is taken twice daily , in two equally divided doses , each individual dose being measured between 5 ml ( 500 mg ) and 15 ml ( 1 , 500 mg ). dose in children 6 months and older : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . for children 6 months to 4 years , measure the appropriate dosage using the 3 ml syringe included in the package . for children above 4 years , measure the appropriate dosage using the 10 ml syringe included in the package . general dose : levetiracetam actavis group is taken twice daily , in two equally divided doses , each individual dose being measured between 0 . 1 ml ( 10 mg ) and 0 . 3 ml ( 30 mg ), per kg bodyweight of the child . ( see table below for dose examples ). dose in children 6 months and older : weight starting dose : 0 . 1 ml / kg twice daily maximum dose : 0 . 3 ml / kg twice daily 6 kg 0 . 6 ml twice daily 1 . 8 ml twice daily 8 kg 0 . 8 ml twice daily 2 . 4 ml twice daily 10 kg 1 ml twice daily 3 ml twice daily 15 kg 1 . 5 ml twice daily 4 . 5 ml twice daily 20 kg 2 ml twice daily 6 ml twice daily 25 kg 2 . 5 ml twice daily 7 . 5 ml twice daily from 50 kg 5 ml twice daily 15 ml twice daily dose in infants ( 1 month to less than 6 months ): for infants 1 month to less than 6 months , measure the appropriate dosage using the 1 ml syringe included in the package . general dose : levetiracetam actavis group is taken twice daily , in two equally divided doses , each individual dose being measured between 0 . 07 ml ( 7 mg ) and 0 . 21 ml ( 21 mg ), per kg bodyweight of the infant . ( see table below for dose examples ). dose in infants ( 1 month to less than 6 months ): weight starting dose : 0 . 07 ml / kg twice daily maximum dose : 0 . 21 ml / kg twice daily 4 kg 0 . 3 ml twice daily 0 . 85 ml twice daily 5 kg 0 . 35 ml twice daily 1 . 05 ml twice daily 6 kg 0 . 45 ml twice daily 1 . 25 ml twice daily 39 7 kg 0 . 5 ml twice daily 1 . 5 ml twice daily method of administration : after measuring the correct dose with an appropriate syringe , levetiracetam actavis group oral solution may be diluted in a glass of water or baby ' s bottle . you may take levetiracetam actavis group with or without food . after oral administration the bitter taste of levetiracetam may be experienced . instruction for use : instruction for use for 10 ml syringes open the bottle . before starting the measuring procedure make sure that the transparent dosing body of the syringe as well as the white plunger are in the bottom most position . to measure the dosing quantity , use one hand to hold the dosing body and the other hand to pull up the plunger until you reach the graduation mark corresponding to the quantity in milliliters ( ml ) prescribed by your doctor ( figure 1 ). pull the syringe by the dosing body out of the bottle ( figure 2 ). empty the contents of the syringe in a glass of water by pushing down the plunger . be sure to drink the whole contents of the glass . the contents of the syringe can also be given directly from the syringe into the mouth or emptied onto a spoon ( figure 3 ). wash the syringe with water after use and close the bottle with the plastic screw cap ( figure 4 ). instruction for use for 1 ml and 3 ml syringes with an adaptor open the bottle and push the syringe adaptor firmly into the bottle neck ( figure 1 ). take the syringe and pull back the plunger a little way ( figure 2 ). push the tip of the syringe into the adaptor opening . push the plunger down slowly to introduce air inside the bottle ( figure 3 ). turn the bottle upside down with the syringe still in place ( figure 4 ). pull the plunger down and fill the syringe with a quantity of solution slightly beyond the prescribed dose ( figure 5 ). if any bubbles appear in the syringe keep the bottle upside down and slightly push in the plunger and pull it back again . repeat until there are no bubbles in the syringe ( figure 6 ). push the plunger in slowly to the graduation mark corresponding to the quantity in milliliters ( ml ) prescribed by your doctor ( figure 7 ). turn the bottle the right way up and remove the syringe ( figure 8 ). for young children gently put the tip of the syringe into the child ´ s mouth to the inside of the cheek . push the plunger in slowly and allow the child to swallow the content of the syringe . the content of the syringe can also be emptied in a glass of water or baby ´ s bottle . be sure to drink the whole contents of the glass ( figure 9 ). wash the syringe with water after use and close the bottle with the plastic screw cap ( figure 10 ). duration of treatment : levetiracetam actavis group is used as a chronic treatment . you should continue levetiracetam actavis group treatment for as long as your doctor has told you . do not stop your treatment without your doctor ' s advice as this could increase your seizures . if you take more levetiracetam actavis group than you should the possible side effects of an overdose of levetiracetam actavis group are sleepiness , agitation , aggression , decrease of alertness , inhibition of breathing and coma . contact your doctor if you took more levetiracetam actavis group than you should . your doctor will establish the best possible treatment of overdose . if you forget to take levetiracetam actavis group contact your doctor if you have missed one or more doses . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking levetiracetam actavis group if stopping treatment , levetiracetam actavis group should be discontinued gradually to avoid an increase of seizures . should your doctor decide to stop your levetiracetam actavis group treatment , he / she will instruct you about the gradual withdrawal of levetiracetam actavis group . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
cancidas will always be prepared and given to you by a healthcare professional . you will be given cancidas : once each day by slow injection into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) 33 over about 1 hour . your doctor will determine the duration of your treatment and how much cancidas you will be given each day . your doctor will monitor how well the medicine works for you . if you weigh more than 80 kg , you may need a different dose . children and adolescents the dose for children and adolescents may differ from the adult dose . if you have been given more cancidas than you should your doctor will decide how much cancidas you need and for how long each day . if you are worried that you may have been given too much cancidas , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidegrel apotex per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel apotex ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel apotex per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel apotex for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel apotex than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel apotex if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel apotex , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel apotex do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine accord should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 1 . 7 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . your doctor will tell you what dose you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may want you to take a combination of 150 mg and 500 mg tablets for each dose . take the tablets morning and evening as prescribed by your doctor . take the tablets within 30 minutes after the end of a meal ( breakfast and dinner ) and swallow them whole with water . do not crush or cut tablets . if you cannot swallow capecitabine accord tablets whole , tell your healthcare provider . it is important that you take all your medicine as prescribed by your doctor . capecitabine accord tablets are usually taken for 14 days followed by a 7 day rest period ( when no tablets are taken ). this 21 day period is one treatment cycle . in combination with other medicines the usual dose for adults may be less than 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area , and you may need to take the tablets over a different time period ( e . g . every day , with no rest period ). if you take more capecitabine accord than you should if you take more capecitabine accord than you should , contact your doctor as soon as possible before taking the next dose . you might get the following side effects if you take a lot more capecitabine than you should , feeling or being sick , diarrhoea , inflammation or ulceration of the gut or mouth , pain or bleeding from the intestine or stomach , or bone marrow depression ( reduction in certain kinds of blood cells ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . if you forget to take capecitabine accord do not take the missed dose at all . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . instead , continue your regular dosing schedule and check with your doctor . if you stop taking capecitabine accord there are no side - effects caused by stopping treatment with capecitabine . in case you are using coumarin anticoagulants ( containing e . g . phenprocoumon ), stopping capecitabine might require that your doctor adjusts your anticoagulant dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much doribax is given - your doctor will decide how much doribax you need and for how long . adults ( including people over 65 years of age ) - the usual dose is 500 mg every eight hours . each dose is given over a period of one or four hours . - the treatment course usually lasts 5 to 14 days . - if you have kidney problems , your doctor may lower your dose of doribax to 250 mg given over one or four hours every eight or 12 hours . how doribax is given - doribax will be prepared and given to you by a doctor or nurse over one or four hours as an intravenous infusion into one of your veins ( this is sometimes known as a " drip "). if you are given too much doribax symptoms of overdose may include rash . if you are concerned that you may have been given too much doribax , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . if a doribax dose has been missed if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose of doribax , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . it is important that you receive treatment with doribax as long as your doctor feels it is necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the amount of icandra that people have to take varies depending on their condition . your doctor will tell you exactly the dose of icandra to take . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one film - coated tablet of either 50 mg / 850 mg or 50 mg / 1000 mg taken twice a day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . also if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as a sulphonylurea your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower the level of sugar in your blood . when and how to take icandra - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water , - take one tablet in the morning and the other in the evening with or just after food . taking the tablet just after food will lower the risk of an upset stomach . continue to follow any advice about diet that your doctor has given you . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue with this while you are taking icandra . if you take more icandra than you should if you take too many icandra tablets , or if someone else takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you have to go to a doctor or hospital , take the pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take icandra if you forget to take a tablet , take it with your next meal unless you are due to take one then anyway . do not take a double dose ( two tablets at once ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking icandra continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so that it can continue to control your blood sugar . do not stop taking icandra unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide the right dose for you - the dose depends on your weight and height and if you have kidney problems . lonsurf comes in two strengths . your doctor may prescribe both strengths for your prescribed dose . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take each time . you will take a dose 2 times a day . when to take lonsurf you will take lonsurf for 10 days during the first 2 weeks , and then have 2 weeks off . this 4 - week period is called a ' cycle .' the specific dosing schedule is as follows : week 1 - take the dose 2 times a day for 5 days - then have 2 days off - no medicine week 2 - take the dose 2 times a day for 5 days - then have 2 days off - no medicine week 3 - no medicine week 4 - no medicine you will then start again with another cycle of 4 weeks following the above pattern . how to take take this medicine by mouth . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . take within 1 hour after your morning and evening meals . wash your hands after handling this medicine . if you take more lonsurf than you should if you take more lonsurf than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take your pack ( s ) of medicine with you . if you forget to take lonsurf if you forget a dose , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the usual dose of irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms is one or two tablets a day . irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms will usually be prescribed by your doctor when your previous treatment did not reduce your blood pressure enough . your doctor will instruct you how to switch from the previous treatment to irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms . method of administration irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms until your doctor tells you otherwise . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 6 - 8 weeks after beginning treatment . if you take more irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . children should not take irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
- zoledronic acid actavis must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . - your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . - carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid actavis is given - the usual single dose given is 4 mg . - if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid actavis is given - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid actavis every three to four weeks . - if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given one infusion of zoledronic acid actavis . how zoledronic acid actavis is given - zoledronic acid actavis is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 15 minutes and should be administered as a single intravenous solution in a separate infusion line . patients whose blood calcium levels are not too high will also be prescribed calcium and vitamin d supplements to be taken each day . if you are given more zoledronic acid actavis than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because you may develop serum electrolyte abnormalities ( e . g . abnormal levels of calcium , phosphorus and magnesium ) and / or changes in kidney function , including severe kidney impairment . if your level of calcium falls too low , you may have to be given supplemental calcium by infusion .
dose and when to take your insulin always use your insulin and adjust your dose exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . novorapid is generally taken immediately before a meal . eat a meal or snack within 10 minutes of the injection to avoid low blood sugar . when necessary , novorapid can be given soon after a meal . see how and where to inject below for information . do not change your insulin unless your doctor tells you to . if your doctor has switched you from one type or brand of insulin to another , your dose may have to be adjusted by your doctor . use in children and adolescents 59 novorapid can be used in adolescents and children aged 1 year and above instead of soluble human insulin when a rapid onset of effect is preferred . for example , when it is difficult to dose the child in relation to meals . use in special patient groups if you have reduced kidney or liver function , or if you are above 65 years of age , you need to check your blood sugar more regularly and discuss changes in your insulin dose with your doctor . how and where to inject novorapid is for injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) or for continuous infusion in a pump system . administration in a pump system will require a comprehensive instruction by your healthcare professional . you must never inject yourself directly into a vein ( intravenously ) or muscle ( intramuscularly ). if necessary novorapid can be given directly into a vein but this must only be done by physicians or other healthcare staff . with each injection , change the injection site within the particular area of skin that you use . this may reduce the risk of developing lumps or skin pitting ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). the best places to give yourself an injection are : the front of your waist ( abdomen ), the upper arm or the front of your thighs . the insulin will work more quickly if injected into the front of your waist . you should always measure your blood sugar regularly . nph ( neutral protamine hagedorn ) insulin is the only type of insulin that can be mixed with novorapid and the mixture must be injected immediately under your skin ( subcutaneously ). novorapid should be drawn into the syringe before you draw your nph insulin . how to take novorapid if you use only one type of insulin 1 . draw into the syringe the same amount of air as the dose of insulin you are going to inject . inject the air into the vial . 2 . turn the vial and syringe upside down and draw the correct insulin dose into the syringe . pull the needle out of the vial . then expel the air from the syringe and check that the dose is correct . if you have to mix two types of insulin 1 . just before use , roll the nph insulin between your hands until the liquid is uniformly white and cloudy . 2 . draw into the syringe the same amount of air as the dose of the nph insulin . inject the air into the vial containing the nph insulin and pull out the needle . 3 . draw into the syringe the same amount of air as the dose of novorapid . inject the air into the vial containing novorapid . turn the vial and syringe upside down and draw up the prescribed dose of novorapid . expel any air from the syringe and check that the dose is correct . 4 . push the needle into the vial of the nph insulin , turn the vial and syringe upside down and draw out the dose you have been prescribed . expel any air from the syringe and check the dose . inject the mixture immediately . 5 . always mix novorapid and the nph insulin in the same sequence . how to inject novorapid inject the insulin under the skin . use the injection technique advised by your doctor or nurse . keep the needle under your skin for at least 6 seconds to make sure you have injected all the insulin . discard the needle after each injection . for use in an infusion pump system 60 novorapid should never be mixed with any other insulin when used in a pump . follow the instructions and recommendations from your doctor regarding the use of novorapid in a pump . before use of novorapid in the pump system , you must have received a comprehensive instruction in the use and information about any actions to be taken in case of illness , too high or too low blood sugar or failure of the pump system . before inserting the needle , use soap and water to clean your hands and the skin where the needle is inserted to avoid any infection at the infusion site . when you fill a new reservoir , be certain not to leave large air bubbles in either the syringe or the tubing . changing of the infusion set ( tubing and needle ) must be done according to the instructions in the product information supplied with the infusion set . to get the benefit of insulin infusion , and to detect possible malfunction of the insulin pump , it is recommended that you measure your blood sugar level regularly . what to do in case of pump system failure you should always have an alternative delivery method for your insulin available for injection under the skin in case of pump system failure . if you take more insulin than you should if you take too much insulin your blood sugar gets too low ( hypoglycaemia ). see a ) summary of serious and very common side effects in section 4 . if you forget to take your insulin if you forget to take your insulin your blood sugar may get too high ( hyperglycaemia ). see c ) effects from diabetes in section 4 . if you stop taking your insulin do not stop taking your insulin without speaking with a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . this could lead to very high blood sugar ( severe hyperglycaemia ) and ketoacidosis . see c ) effects from diabetes in section 4 . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
the dose of atriance you are given will be based on : your / your child ' s ( if he / she is being treated ) body surface area ( which will be calculated by your doctor based on your height and weight ). the results of blood tests carried out before treatment adults and adolescents ( aged 16 years and older ) the usual dose is 1 , 500 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . a doctor or nurse will give you the dose of atriance as an infusion ( a drip ). it is usually dripped into your arm over a period of about 2 hours . you will have an infusion ( a drip ) once a day on days 1 , 3 and 5 of treatment . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every three weeks . this treatment may vary , depending on the results of your regular blood tests . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required . children and adolescents ( aged 21 years and younger ) the recommended dose is 650 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . a doctor or nurse will give you / your child ( if he / she is being treated ) a suitable dose of atriance as an infusion ( a drip ). it is usually dripped into your arm over a period of about 1 hour . you / your child ( if he / she is being treated ) will have an infusion ( a drip ) once a day for 5 days . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every three weeks . this treatment may vary , depending on the results of regular blood tests . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required . stopping treatment with atriance your doctor will decide when to stop the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how it is given ruxience will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given ruxience as a drip ( intra - venous infusion ). medicines given before each ruxience administration before you are given ruxience , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will receive your treatment a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having ruxience alone ruxience will be given to you once a week for 4 weeks . repeated treatment courses with ruxience are possible . if you are having ruxience with chemotherapy ruxience will be given to you on the same day as your chemotherapy . this is usually given every 3 weeks up to 8 times . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given ruxience as a maintenance treatment every 2 or 3 months for two years . your doctor may change this , depending on how you respond to the medicine . b ) if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with ruxience in combination with chemotherapy , you will receive ruxience infusions on day 0 cycle 1 then day 1 of each cycle for 6 cycles in total . each cycle has a duration of 28 days . the chemotherapy should be given after the ruxience infusion . your doctor will decide if you should receive concomitant supportive therapy . c ) if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis each course of treatment is made up of two separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart . repeated courses of treatment with ruxience are possible . depending on the signs and symptoms of your disease , your doctor will decide when you should receive more ruxience . this may be months from now . d ) if you are being treated for granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis treatment with ruxience uses four separate infusions given at weekly intervals . corticosteroids will usually be given by injection before the start of ruxience treatment . corticosteroids given by mouth may be started at any time by your doctor to treat your condition . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given ruxience as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered as 2 separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart , followed by 1 infusion every 6 months for at least 2 years . your doctor may decide to treat you longer with ruxience ( up to 5 years ), depending on how you respond to the medicine . e ) if you are being treated for pemphigus vulgaris each course of treatment is made up of two separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given ruxience as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered 1 year and 18 months after the initial treatment and then every 6 months as needed or your doctor may change this , depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
fluenz will be administered under the supervision of a doctor , nurse or pharmacist . fluenz must only be used as a nasal spray . fluenz must not be injected . fluenz will be given as a spray in each nostril . you can breathe normally while you are given fluenz . you do not need to actively inhale or sniff . dosage the recommended dose for children and adolescents is 0 . 2 ml fluenz , administered as 0 . 1 ml in each nostril . children who have not previously had an influenza vaccine will receive a second , follow - up dose after an interval of at least 4 weeks . follow your doctor , nurse or pharmacist ' s instructions about when your child should return for the second dose .
always use intrinsa exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure of the instructions or if you want any more information . the usual dose is one patch twice weekly ( each 3 to 4 days ), see below ' how and when to change your patch '. the active substance is released from the patch constantly over 3 to 4 days ( corresponding to 300 micrograms per 24 hours ) and is absorbed through your skin . where to stick the patch - stick the patch onto your lower abdomen , below your waist . do not stick the patch on the breasts or bottom . make sure that your skin at the application site is : clean and dry ( free of lotions , moisturisers , and powders ) as smooth as possible ( no major creases or skin folds ) not cut or irritated ( free of rashes or other skin problems ) unlikely to be rubbed by clothing excessively preferably free from hair . - when changing your patch , stick the new patch on to a different area of the skin of your abdomen , otherwise you are more likely to cause skin irritation . - only one patch is to be worn at a time . - if you are also using estrogen patches , make sure that the intrinsa patch and the estrogen patch do not overlap . - for at least one week after removing a patch , do not place a new patch in the same area . how to stick on the patch step 1 tear open the sachet . do not use scissors as you may accidentally damage the patch . remove the patch . apply the patch immediately after removing it from the sachet . step 2 while holding the patch , remove half of the protective liner that covers the sticky part of the patch . avoid touching the sticky side of the patch with your fingers . step 3 apply the sticky side of the patch to the selected area onto your skin . press the sticky side of the patch firmly into place for about 10 seconds . step 4 fold back the patch and carefully remove the other half of the liner . press the entire patch firmly against your skin with the palm of your hand for about 10 seconds . use your fingers to make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . if an area of the patch lifts , apply pressure to that area . how and when to change your patch - you will need to change your patch every 3 to 4 days , which means using two patches each week . this will mean that you wear one patch for 3 days and the other for 4 days . decide which two days each week you are going to change your patch , and change the patch on the same two days each week . for example : if you decide to start treatment on a monday , then you have to change your patch always on a thursday and a monday . o sunday + wednesday monday + thursday o tuesday + friday o wednesday + saturday o thursday + sunday o friday + monday o saturday + tuesday as a reminder , mark on the outer carton your chosen patch - change days . - on the patch - change day , remove the used patch and immediately stick the new patch on to a different area of skin of your abdomen . continue your treatment for as long as your doctor advises . - fold the used patch in half , sticking the patch to itself , and discard it in a safe way in order to keep it away from children ( e . g . in a rubbish bin ). medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater ( do not flush it down the toilet ). ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . what about showering , bathing and exercising ? you may shower , bath , swim and exercise as normal while wearing the patch . the patch is designed to remain in place during these times . however , do not scrub the area where the patch has been placed too hard . what about sunbathing ? always make sure your patch is covered by clothing . what if your patch becomes loose , lifts at the edges or falls off ? if a patch does begin to come off , you may be able to make it stick again by pressing on it firmly . if you cannot get the patch to stick successfully , remove the loose patch and use a new patch . then continue with your regular schedule of patch - change days , even if this means discarding a patch after you have worn it for less than 3 - 4 days . if you use more patches than you should if you have applied more than one patch at a time remove all the patches sticking on to your skin and consult your doctor or pharmacist for further information on how to continue treatment with intrinsa . overdosing with intrinsa is unlikely when used as directed , because once the patch is taken off testosterone is quickly removed by the body . if you forget to use a patch if you forget to change your patch change your patch as soon as you remember , and then continue with your regular schedule of patch - change days , even if this means discarding a patch after you have worn it for less than 3 - 4 days . returning to your regular schedule will help you remember when to change your patch . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take tafinlar exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you to . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of tafinlar either used alone or in combination with trametinib is two 75 mg capsules twice a day ( corresponding to a daily dose of 300 mg ). the recommended dose of trametinib , when used in combination with tafinlar , is 2 mg once a day . your doctor may decide that you should take a lower dose if you get side effects . tafinlar are also available as 50 mg capsules if a dose reduction is recommended . don ' t take more tafinlar than your doctor has recommended , since this may increase the risk of side effects . how to take it swallow the capsules whole with water , one after the other . don ' t chew or crush the capsules , since they will otherwise lose their effect . take tafinlar twice a day , on an empty stomach . this means that after taking tafinlar , you must wait at least 1 hour before eating , or after eating , you must wait at least 2 hours before taking tafinlar . take tafinlar in the morning and evening , about 12 hours apart . take your morning and evening doses of tafinlar at the same times every day . this will increase the chance of remembering to take the capsules . don ' t take the morning and evening doses of tafinlar at the same time . if you take more tafinlar than you should if you take too many capsules of tafinlar , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice . if possible , show them the tafinlar pack with this leaflet . if you forget to take tafinlar if the missed dose is less than 6 hours late , take it as soon as you remember . if the missed dose is more than 6 hours late , skip that dose and take your next dose at the usual time . then carry on taking your capsules at regular times as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you stop taking tafinlar take tafinlar for as long as your doctor recommends . do not stop unless your doctor , pharmacist or nurse advises you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how should you take tafinlar in combination with trametinib take tafinlar in combination with trametinib exactly as your doctor , nurse or pharmacist tells you . do not change your dose or stop tafinlar or trametinib unless your doctor , nurse or pharmacist tells you to . take tafinlar twice daily and take trametinib once daily . it may be good for you to get into the habit of taking both medicines at the same times each day . the tafinlar doses should be about 12 hours apart . trametinib when given in combination with tafinlar should be taken with either the morning dose of tafinlar or the evening dose of tafinlar . take tafinlar and trametinib on an empty stomach , at least one hour before or two hours after a meal . take whole with a full glass of water . if you miss a dose of tafinlar or trametinib , take it as soon as you remember . do not make up for missed doses and just take your next dose at your regular time : o if it is less than 6 hours to your next scheduled dose of tafinlar , which is taken twice daily . o if it is less than 12 hours to your next scheduled dose of trametinib , which is taken once daily . if you take too much tafinlar or trametinib , immediately contact your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . take tafinlar capsules and trametinib tablets with you when possible . if possible , show them the tafinlar and trametinib pack with each leaflet . if you get side effects your doctor may decide that you should take lower doses of tafinlar and / or trametinib . take the doses of tafinlar and trametinib exactly as your doctor , nurse or pharmacist tells you .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of coaprovel is one or two tablets a day . coaprovel will usually be prescribed by your doctor when your previous treatment did not reduce your blood pressure enough . your doctor will instruct you how to switch from the previous treatment to coaprovel . method of administration coaprovel is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take coaprovel with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take coaprovel until your doctor tells you otherwise . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 6 - 8 weeks after beginning treatment . if you take more coaprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . children should not take coaprovel coaprovel should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take coaprovel if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for adults and elderly : - your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of stalevo to take each day . - the tablets are not intended to be split or broken into smaller pieces . - you should take only one tablet each time . - depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . - if you are taking stalevo 50 mg / 12 . 5 mg / 200 mg , 75 mg / 18 . 75 mg / 200 mg , 100 mg / 25 mg / 200 mg , 125 mg / 31 . 25 mg / 200 mg or 150 mg / 37 . 5 mg / 200 mg tablets , do not take more than 10 tablets per day . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of stalevo is too strong or too weak , or if you experience possible side effects . to open the bottle for the first time : open the closure , and then press with your thumb on the seal until it breaks . see picture 1 . picture 1 if you take more stalevo than you should if you have accidentally taken more stalevo tablets than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . in case of an overdose you may feel confused or agitated , your heart rate may be slower or faster than normal or the colour of your skin , tongue , eyes or urine may change . if you forget to take stalevo do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if it is more than 1 hour until your next dose : take one tablet as soon as you remember , and the next tablet at the normal time . if it is less than 1 hour until your next dose : take a tablet as soon as you remember , wait 1 hour , then take another tablet . after that carry on as normal . always leave at least an hour between stalevo tablets , to avoid possible side effects . if you stop taking stalevo do not stop taking stalevo unless your doctor tells you to . in such a case your doctor may need to adjust your other antiparkinson medicines , especially levodopa , to give sufficient control of your symptoms . if you suddenly stop taking stalevo and other antiparkinsonian medicines it may result in unwanted side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 . 5 mg tablet twice a day . take rivaroxaban accord around the same time every day ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take rivaroxaban accord . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take it . if necessary , your doctor may also give you the crushed rivaroxaban accord tablet through a stomach tube . in case of enteral feeding , your doctor may crush and suspend rivaroxaban tablets in 50 ml of water and administer via a nasogastric tube or gastric feeding tube . after the administration of a crushed rivaroxaban 15 mg or 20 tablet , enteral feeding is immediately followed . crushed rivaroxaban tablets are stable in water and in applesauce for up to 4 hours . rivaroxaban accord will not be given to you on its own . your doctor will also tell you to take acetylsalicylic acid . if you get rivaroxaban accord after an acute coronary syndrome , your doctor may tell you to also take ticlopidine . your doctor will tell you how much of these to take ( usually between 75 to 100 mg acetylsalicylic acid daily or a daily dose of 75 to 100 mg acetylsalicylic acid plus standard daily dose of ticlopidine ). when to start rivaroxaban accord treatment with rivaroxaban accord after an acute coronary syndrome should be started as soon as possible after stabilisation of the acute coronary syndrome , at the earliest 24 hours after admission to hospital and at the time when parenteral ( via injection ) anticoagulation therapy would normally be stopped . your doctor will tell you when to start treatment with rivaroxaban accord if you have been diagnosed with coronary artery disease or peripheral artery disease . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment . if you take more rivaroxaban accord than you should contact your doctor immediately if you have taken too many rivaroxaban accord tablets . taking too much rivaroxaban accord increases the risk of bleeding . if you forget to take rivaroxaban accord do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss a dose , take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking rivaroxaban accord take rivaroxaban accord on a regular basis and for as long as your doctor keeps prescribing it . do not stop taking rivaroxaban accord without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , it may increase your risk of having another heart attack or stroke or dying from a disease related to your heart or your blood vessels . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take cellcept exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount you take depends on the type of transplant you have had . the usual doses are shown below . treatment will continue for as long as you need to prevent you from rejecting your transplant organ . kidney transplant adults the first dose is given within 3 days of the transplant operation . the daily dose is 8 capsules ( 2 g of the medicine ) taken as 2 separate doses . take 4 capsules in the morning and then 4 capsules in the evening . children ( aged 2 to 18 years ) the dose given will vary depending on the size of the child . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s height and weight ( body surface area measured as square metres or " m2 "). the recommended dose is 600 mg / m² taken twice a day . heart transplant adults the first dose is given within 5 days of the transplant operation . the daily dose is 12 capsules ( 3 g of the medicine ) taken as 2 separate doses . take 6 capsules in the morning and then 6 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of cellcept in children with a heart transplant . liver transplant adults the first dose of oral cellcept will be given to you at least 4 days after the transplant operation and when you are able to swallow oral medicines . the daily dose is 12 capsules ( 3 g of the medicine ) taken as 2 separate doses . take 6 capsules in the morning and then 6 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of cellcept in children with a liver transplant . taking the medicine swallow your capsules whole with a glass of water do not break or crush them do not take any capsules that have broken open or split . take care not to let any powder from inside a broken capsule get into your eyes or mouth . if this happens , rinse with plenty of plain water . take care not to let any powder from inside a broken capsule get onto your skin . if this happens , wash the area thoroughly with soap and water . if you take more cellcept than you should if you take more cellcept than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . also do this if someone else accidentally takes your medicine . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take cellcept if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember . then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you stop taking cellcept do not stop taking cellcept unless your doctor tells you to . if you stop your treatment you may increase the chance of rejection of your transplant organ . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . how much piqray to take the usual starting dose of piqray is 300 mg once daily . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . depending on the dose prescribed , the number of tablets to take is as follows : - 300 mg dose : two 150 mg tablets - 250 mg dose : one 200 mg tablet and one 50 mg tablet - 200 mg dose : one 200 mg tablet if you vomit after you take the piqray tablet ( s ), do not take any more tablets until your next scheduled dose . your doctor will determine the dose of fulvestrant you should receive and when you should receive it . depending on how your body responds to the treatment with piqray , your doctor may want to adjust your piqray dose . it is very important to follow your doctor ' s instructions . if you have certain side effects , your doctor may ask you to change to a lower dose , to interrupt treatment for a time , or to stop treatment . when to take piqray piqray tablets are supplied in packs containing blister cards . each blister card shows the tablet ( s ) to be taken on each day of the week . follow the instructions on the blister card . take piqray once a day , immediately after food . taking piqray at the same time each day will help you to remember when to take your medicine . how to take piqray piqray tablets should be swallowed whole , they should not be chewed , crushed or split before swallowing . you should not swallow any tablet that is broken , cracked or otherwise damaged as you may not be taking the full dose . how long to take piqray take piqray for as long as your doctor tells you to . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take piqray , talk to your doctor or to your pharmacist . if you take more piqray than you should people who have taken too many piqray tablets have experienced effects that are known side effects of piqray , including high blood sugar levels , nausea , tiredness and rash . if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take piqray if you forget to take a dose of piqray , you may still take it , immediately after food , up to 9 hours after the time you should have taken it . if you only remember more than 9 hours after you should have taken it , skip the dose for that day . the next day , take the dose at your usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the one that you missed . if you stop taking piqray stopping your treatment with piqray may cause your condition to become worse . do not stop taking piqray unless your doctor tells you to stop . if you have any further questions on the use of piqray , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor has carried out blood tests and decided you need abseamed . abseamed may be given by injection : either into a vein or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how abseamed will be injected . usually the injections will be given to you by a doctor , nurse or other health care professional . some people , depending on why they need abseamed treatment , may later learn how to inject themselves under the skin : see instructions on how to inject abseamed yourself at the end of the leaflet . abseamed should not be used : after the expiry date on the label and outer carton if you know , or think that it may have been accidentally frozen , or if there has been a refrigerator failure . the dose of abseamed you receive is based on your body weight in kilograms . the cause of your anaemia is also a factor in your doctor deciding the correct dose . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are using abseamed . people with kidney disease your doctor will maintain your haemoglobin level between 10 and 12 g / dl as a high haemoglobin level may increase the risk of blood clots and death . in children the haemoglobin level should be maintained between 9 . 5 and 11 g / dl . the usual starting dose of abseamed for adults and children is 50 international units ( iu ) per kilogram (/ kg ) of body weight given three times a week . for patients on peritoneal dialysis abseamed may be given twice a week . for adults and children abseamed is given as an injection either into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein . when this access ( via a vein or tube ) is not readily available , your doctor may decide that abseamed should be injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this includes patients on dialysis and patients not yet on dialysis . your doctor will order regular blood tests to see how your anaemia is responding and may adjust the dose , usually no more frequently than every four weeks . a rise in haemoglobin of greater than 2 g / dl over a four week period should be avoided . once your anaemia has been corrected , your doctor will continue to check your blood regularly . your abseamed dose and frequency of administration may be further adjusted to maintain your response to treatment . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your anaemia . if you do not respond adequately to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of abseamed . if you are on a more extended dosing interval ( greater than once weekly ) of abseamed , you may not maintain adequate haemoglobin levels and you may require an increase in abseamed dose or frequency of administration . you may be given iron supplements before and during abseamed treatment to make it more effective . if you are having dialysis treatment when you begin treatment with abseamed , your dialysis regime may need to be adjusted . your doctor will decide this . adults on chemotherapy your doctor may initiate treatment with abseamed if your haemoglobin is 10 g / dl or less . your doctor will maintain your haemoglobin level between 10 and 12 g / dl as a high haemoglobin level may increase the risk of blood clots and death . the starting dose is either 150 iu per kilogram body weight three times a week or 450 iu per kilogram body weight once a week . abseamed is given by injection under the skin . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how your anaemia responds to abseamed treatment . you may be given iron supplements before and during abseamed treatment to make it more effective . you will usually continue abseamed treatment for one month after the end of chemotherapy . adults donating their own blood the usual dose is 600 iu per kilogram body weight twice a week . abseamed is given by injection into a vein immediately after you have donated blood for 3 weeks before your surgery . you may be given iron supplements before and during abseamed treatment to make it more effective . adults scheduled for major orthopaedic surgery the recommended dose is 600 iu per kilogram body weight once a week . abseamed is given by injection under the skin each week for three weeks before surgery and on the day of surgery . if there is a medical need to reduce the time before your operation , you will be given a daily dose of 300 iu / kg for up to ten days before surgery , on the day of surgery and for four days immediately afterwards . if blood tests show your haemoglobin is too high before the operation , the treatment will be stopped . you may be given iron supplements before and during abseamed treatment to make it more effective . adults with myelodysplastic syndrome your doctor may initiate treatment with abseamed if your haemoglobin is 10 g / dl or less . the aim of treatment is to maintain your haemoglobin level between 10 and 12 g / dl as a higher haemoglobin level may increase the risk of blood clots and death . abseamed is given by injection under the skin . the starting dose is 450 iu per kilogram bodyweight once a week . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how your anaemia responds to abseamed treatment . instructions on how to inject abseamed yourself when treatment starts , abseamed is usually injected by a medical professional or a nurse . later , your doctor may suggest that you or your caregiver learn how to inject abseamed under the skin ( subcutaneously ) yourself . do not attempt to inject yourself unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . always use abseamed exactly as instructed by your doctor or nurse . ensure that you only inject the amount of liquid as instructed by your doctor or nurse . only use abseamed if it has been stored correctly see section 5 , how to store abseamed . before use , leave the abseamed syringe to stand until it reaches room temperature . this usually takes between 15 and 30 minutes . use the syringe within 3 days of taking it out of the refrigerator . only take one dose of abseamed from each syringe . if abseamed is injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ), the amount injected is not normally more than one millilitre ( 1 ml ) in a single injection . abseamed is given alone and not mixed with other liquids for injection . do not shake abseamed syringes . prolonged vigorous shaking may damage the product . if the product has been shaken vigorously , don ' t use it . instructions on how to inject yourself with abseamed can be found at the end of this leaflet . if you use more abseamed than you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you think too much abseamed has been injected . side effects from an overdose of abseamed are unlikely . if you forget to use abseamed make the next injection as soon as you remember . if you are within a day of your next injection , forget the missed one and carry on with your normal schedule . do not double up the injections to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
osigraft is only used by an appropriately qualified surgeon . this is usually done under a full general anaesthetic so you will not be awake during the surgery . depending on the size of the gap in the broken bone one or two vials of osigraft may be administered . during surgery osigraft is placed directly at the injury site in contact with the damaged bone surfaces . the surrounding muscle tissues are closed around the implanted medicine as is the skin on the top of the muscle . the maximum recommended dose for this medicine is 2 vials ( 2g ) since its effectiveness at higher doses has not been established .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you are not sure . take one capsule every other day at the same time of the day . do not take galafold on two consecutive days . do not eat food at least 2 hours before and 2 hours after taking your medicine . this minimum 4 hours fast around taking your medicine is needed to allow your medicine to be fully absorbed . clear liquids , including carbonated drinks , can be consumed during this period . swallow the capsule whole . do not cut , crush , or chew the capsule . figure a step 1 : remove the adhesive seal holding the cover . lift the cover of your galafold carton ( see figure a ). figure b opened carton step 2 : press and continue holding down the purple tab with your thumb at the left side of the carton ( see figure b ), and continue to step 3 . figure c step 3 : now grasp the tab on the right side where it says " pull out here " and pull out the folded blister card ( see figure c ). figure d front of the blister card step 4 : unfold the blister card ( see figure d ). taking galafold capsule : one galafold blister card = 14 hard capsules = 28 days of treatment with galafold , and 14 white cardboard circles . the white cardboard circles are to remind you to take galafold every other day . the arrow directs the patient to begin the next 2 weeks of treatment . figure e front of the blister card figure f front of the blister card step 5 : on your first day of taking this medicine from a new blister card , record the date on the blister card ( see figure f ). figure g back of the blister card step 6 : turn the card over showing the back of the card . locate capsule to remove . bend the card as shown ( figure g ). note : bending the card helps raise the oval perforated cardboard . figure h back of the blister card step 7 : remove the oval perforated cardboard ( see figure h ). note : after removing the cardboard , the white backing of the foil may be present , which is ok . figure i front of the blister card step 8 : turn the card over showing the front of the card . push the capsule out ( see figure i ). figure j front of the blister card step 9 : on the next day , move to the perforated white cardboard circle on the top row labelled day 2 . press down on the white cardboard circle removing it ( see figure j ). note : removing this white circle will help you remember which day you do not take the medicine . take 1 galafold capsule every other day . close package and store after each use . after day 2 , move to day 3 on the blister card . alternate daily between taking the capsule and pushing out the perforated white cardboard circles , up to and including day 28 . figure k front of the unfolded blister card if you take more galafold than you should if you take more capsules than you should , then you should stop taking the medicine and contact your doctor . you may get a headache and feel dizzy . if you forget to take galafold if you forget to take your capsule at the usual time but remember later , you can take the capsule only if it is within 12 hours of your normal dosing time . if more than 12 hours has passed you should resume taking galafold at the next planned dosing day and time according to your every other day dosing schedule . do not take two capsules to make up for your missed dose . if you stop taking galafold do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will prescribe vipidia together with one or more other medicines to control your blood sugar levels . your doctor will tell you if you need to change the amount of other medicines you take . the recommended dose of vipidia is 25 mg once a day . patients with kidney disease if you have kidney disease your doctor may prescribe you a reduced dose . this may be 12 . 5 mg or 6 . 25 mg once a day , depending on the severity of your kidney disease . patients with liver disease if you have mildly or moderately reduced liver function , the recommended dose of vipidia is 25 mg once a day . this medicine is not recommended for patients with severely reduced liver function due to the lack of data in these patients . swallow your tablet ( s ) whole with water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more vipidia than you should if you take more tablets than you should , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , contact or go to your nearest emergency centre straight away . take this leaflet or some tablets with you so that your doctor knows exactly what you have taken . if you forget to take vipidia if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vipidia do not stop taking vipidia without consulting your doctor first . your blood sugar levels may increase when you stop taking vipidia . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is a sublingual tablet of 5 mg or 10 mg two times a day . one dose should be taken in the morning and one dose should be taken in the evening . instructions for use sycrest is for sublingual use . sycrest is not advised if you are unable to take the tablet as described below . if you are unable to take this medicine as is described below , the treatment may not be effective for you . - do not remove a sublingual tablet from the blister until ready to take it . - use dry hands when touching the tablet . - do not push the tablet through the blister . do not cut or tear the blister . - peel back the coloured tab ( figure 1 ). - gently remove the tablet ( figure 2 ). do not crush the tablet . - to ensure optimal absorption , place the tablet under the tongue and wait until it dissolves completely ( figure 3 ). the tablet will dissolve in saliva within seconds . - do not swallow or chew on the tablet . - do not eat or drink for 10 minutes after taking the tablet . figure 1 figure 2 figure 3 42 if you take more sycrest than you should if you take too much sycrest , contact a doctor straight away . take the medicine pack with you . in case of overdose you may feel sleepy or tired , or have abnormal body movements , problems with standing and walking , feel dizzy due to low blood pressure and feel agitated and confused . if you forget to take sycrest do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss one dose , take your next dose as usual . if you miss two or more doses , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking sycrest if you stop taking sycrest , you will lose the effects of this medicine . you should not stop taking this medicine , unless your doctor tells you as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . these capsules should be given to you by a doctor experienced in the treatment of lipid disorders who will also monitor you regularly . the recommended starting dose is a 5 mg capsule each day . your doctor may increase your dose slowly over time , up to a maximum of 60 mg each day . your doctor will tell you : what dose to take and for how long . when to increase or decrease your dose . do not change the dose yourself . take this medicine once a day at bedtime with a glass of water at least 2 hours after your evening meal ( see section 2 under ' lojuxta with food , drink and alcohol '). do not take this medicine with food , as taking these capsules with food can cause stomach problems . if you take another medicine that lowers cholesterol by binding bile acids , such as colesevelam or cholestyramine , take the medicine that binds bile acids at least 4 hours before or 4 hours after you take lojuxta . because of the possibility of interactions with other medicines , your doctor may change the time of day you take your medicines . alternatively , your doctor may decrease your dose of lojuxta . inform your doctor of any change in the medicines you are taking . you also need to take daily vitamin e and essential fatty acid ( omega - 3 and omega - 6 ) supplements while taking this medicine . the usual dose that you will need to take is listed below . ask your doctor , or dietitian how to obtain these supplements . see section 2 under ' lojuxta with food , drink and alcohol '. daily amount vitamin e 400 iu * omega - 3 approximately epa 110 mg * dha 80 mg ala 210 mg omega - 6 linoleic acid 200 mg * iu international units , mg - milligrams if you take more lojuxta than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take lojuxta just take your normal dose at the usual time the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lojuxta if you stop taking this medicine your cholesterol may rise again . you should contact your doctor before you stop taking this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
dose and administration : the dose of busilvex will be calculated according to your body weight . in adults : busilvex in combination with cyclophosphamide : the recommended dose of busilvex is 0 . 8 mg / kg each infusion will last 2 hours busilvex will be administered every 6 hours during 4 consecutive days prior to transplant . busilvex in combination with fludarabine the recommended dose of busilvex is 3 . 2 mg / kg each infusion will last 3 hours busilvex will be administered once daily during 2 or 3 consecutive days prior to transplant . in new - born infants , children and adolescents ( 0 to 17 years ): the recommended dose of busilvex in combination with cyclophosphamide or melphalan is based on your body weight varying between 0 . 8 and 1 . 2 mg / kg . each infusion will last 2 hours busilvex will be administered every 6 hours during 4 consecutive days prior to transplant . medicines before you receive busilvex : before receiving busilvex , you will be medicated with anticonvulsive medicines to prevent seizures ( phenytoin or benzodiazepines ) and antiemetic medicines to prevent vomiting .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose of invokana is one 100 mg tablet each day . your doctor will decide whether to increase your dose to 300 mg . your doctor may limit your dose to 100 mg if you have a kidney problem . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . you can take your tablet with or without food . it is best to take your tablet before the first meal of the day . try to take it at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . if your doctor has prescribed canagliflozin along with any bile acid sequestrant such as cholestyramine ( medicines for lowering cholesterol ) you should take canagliflozin at least 1 hour before or 4 hours to 6 hours after the bile acid sequestrant . your doctor may prescribe invokana together with another glucose - lowering medicine . remember to take all medicines as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your diabetes , you still need to follow the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking this medicine . if you take more invokana than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately . if you forget to take invokana if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking invokana your blood sugar levels may rise if you stop taking this medicine . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
important warning about the dose of nordimet use nordimet only once a week for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis , active juvenile idiopathic arthritis , psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis requiring dosing once a week . using too much of nordimet may be fatal . please read section 3 of this leaflet very carefully . if you have any questions , please talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . nordimet is administered once a week only . you and your doctor can decide on a suitable day each week to receive your injection . incorrect administration of nordimet can lead to severe side effects that may be fatal . the recommended dose is : dose in patients with rheumatoid arthritis the recommended starting dose is 7 . 5 mg methotrexate once a week . the doctor may increase the dose if the used dose is not effective but tolerated well . the average weekly dose is 15 - 20 mg . generally , a weekly dose of 25 mg should not be exceeded . once nordimet starts working , the doctor may reduce the dose gradually to the lowest possible effective maintenance dose . generally , improvement of symptoms can be expected after 4 - 8 weeks of treatment . symptoms may return if treatment with nordimet is stopped . dose in children and adolescents below 16 years with polyarthritic forms of juvenile idiopathic arthritis the doctor will calculate the dose required from the child ' s body surface area ( m2 ), and the dose is expressed as mg / m2 . use in children under < 3 years is not recommended due to insufficient experience in this age group . use in adults with severe forms of psoriasis vulgaris or psoriatic arthritis your doctor will give you a single test dose of 5 - 10 mg , in order to assess possible side effects . if the test dose is well tolerated , treatment will be continued after a week with a dose of approximately 7 . 5 mg . response to treatment can generally be expected after 2 - 6 weeks . depending on the effects of treatment and results of blood and urine tests , the therapy is then continued or stopped . method and duration of administration nordimet is given as injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). it must be injected once weekly and it is recommended to always inject nordimet on the same day of the week . at the start of your treatment , nordimet may be injected by medical staff . however , your doctor may decide that you can learn how to inject nordimet yourself . you will receive appropriate training for you to do this . under no circumstances should you attempt to inject yourself , unless you have been trained to do so . the duration of treatment is determined by the treating physician . treatment of rheumatoid arthritis , juvenile idiopathic arthritis , psoriasis vulgaris and psoriatic arthritis with nordimet is a long - term treatment . how to give yourself an injection of nordimet if you have difficulty handling the pen , ask your doctor or pharmacist . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained on how to do so . if you are not sure what to do , talk to your doctor or nurse immediately . before injecting yourself with nordimet - check the expiry date on the medicine . do not use if the date has passed . - check the pen is not damaged and the medicine in it is a clear , yellow solution . if not , use another pen . - check your last injection site to see if the last injection caused any redness , change in skin colour , swelling , oozing or is still painful , if so talk to your doctor or nurse . - decide where you are going to inject the medicine . change the place where you inject each time . instructions on injecting yourself with nordimet 1 ) wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . 2 ) sit or lie in a relaxed , comfortable position . make sure you can see the skin area you are going to inject . 3 ) the pen is pre - filled and ready to use . visually inspect the pen . you should see a yellow fluid through the viewing window . you may see a small air bubble , this does not affect the injection and will not harm you . a droplet may appear at the tip of the needle . this is normal . 4 ) choose an injection site and clean it with the enclosed alcohol swab . it requires 30 - 60 seconds to be effective . the skin on the front side abdominal wall and the skin at the front of the thigh are suitable as injection sites . 5 ) while holding the body of the pen , pull the cap off . once you have taken the cap off , keep the pen in your hand . do not allow the pen to touch anything else . this is to make sure that the pen is not accidentally activated and that the needle stays clean . 6 ) make a fold in the skin by gently pinching the skin of the injection place with your forefinger and thumb . make sure you hold the skin fold throughout the injection . 7 ) move the pen towards the skin fold ( site of injection ) with the needle shield pointing directly at the site of injection . place the yellow needle shield against the area of injection so that the entire rim of the needle shield is touching the skin . 8 ) apply downward pressure on the pen on to your skin until you hear and feel a " click ". this activates the pen and the solution will inject automatically into the skin . 9 ) the injection lasts for a maximum of 10 seconds . you will feel and hear a second " click " once the injection is completed . 10 ) wait another 2 - 3 seconds before removing the pen from your skin . the safety shield on the pen is now locked to prevent any needlestick injuries . you can now let go of the skin fold . 11 ) visually inspect the pen through the viewing window . you should see green plastic . this means that all the fluid has been injected . discard the used pen into the sharps bin provided . close the container lid tightly and place the container out of reach of children . if you accidently get methotrexate on the surface of the skin or soft tissues you must rinse with plenty of water . if you use more nordimet than you should follow the dose recommendations of your treating doctor . do not change the dose without your doctor ' s recommendation . if you suspect that you have used too much nordimet , tell your doctor or contact the nearest hospital immediately . take your medicine package and this leaflet with you if you go to a doctor or hospital . an overdose of methotrexate can lead to severe toxic reactions . overdose symptoms may include easy bruising or bleeding , unusual weakness , mouth sores , nausea , vomiting , black or bloody stools , coughing up blood or vomit that looks like coffee grounds , and decreased urinating . see also section 4 . if you forget to use nordimet do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose , but continue taking the prescribed dose as normal . ask your doctor for advice . if you stop taking nordimet you should not interrupt or discontinue nordimet treatment before discussing with your doctor . if you suspect that you are experiencing side effects , contact your doctor immediately for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how is tevagrastim given and much should i take ? tevagrastim is usually given as a daily injection into the tissue just under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). the usual dose varies depending on your illness and weight . your doctor will tell you how much tevagrastim you should take . patients having a bone marrow transplant after chemotherapy : you will normally receive your first dose of tevagratsim at least 24 hours after your chemotherapy and at least 24 hours after receiving your bone marrow transplant . you , or people caring for you , can be taught how to give subcutaneous injections so that you can continue your treatment at home . however , you should not attempt this unless you have been properly trained first by your health care provider . how long will i have to take tevagrastim ? you will need to take tevagrastim until your white blood cell count is normal . regular blood tests will be taken to monitor the number of white blood cells in your body . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take tevagrastim . use in children tevagrastim is used to treat children who are receiving chemotherapy or who suffer from severe low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ). the dosing in children receiving chemotherapy is the same as for adults . if you use more tevagrastim than you should do not increase the dose your doctor has given you . if you use more tevagrastim than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use tevagrastim if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , contact your doctor as soon as possible . do not take a double dose to make up for any missed doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the eye or eyes , twice a day , morning and evening . use this much unless your doctor tells you to do differently . only use opatanol in both eyes if your doctor told you to . use it for as long as your doctor told you to . opatanol should only be used as an eye drop . turn the page for more advice . now turn over . how to use opatanol ( continued ) 1 2 how much to use see side 1 get the opatanol bottle and a mirror . wash your hands . take the bottle and twist off the cap . after cap is removed , if the tamper evident snap collar is loose , remove before using the product . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and middle finger . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . use the mirror if it helps . don ' t touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops left in the bottle . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of opatanol at a time . don ' t squeeze the bottle , it is designed so that just a gentle press on the bottom is needed ( picture 2 ). if you use drops in both eyes , repeat the steps for your other eye . put the bottle cap back on firmly immediately after use . if a drop misses your eye , try again . if you use more opatanol than you should rinse it all out with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it ' s time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use opatanol use a single drop as soon as you remember , and then go back to your regular dosing routine . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose before going back to your regular dosing routine . do not use a double dose to make up for the one missed . if you stop using opatanol do not stop using this medicine without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take exalief exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults there are two dosing regimes for adults : dose when you start treatment 400 mg dose once daily for one or two weeks , before increasing to the maintenance dose . your doctor will decide whether you will be given this dose for one or two weeks . maintenance dose the usual maintenance dose is 800 mg once daily . depending on how you respond to exalief , your dose may be increased to 1200 mg once daily . elderly ( over 65 years of age ) if you are elderly your doctor will decide the suitable dose for you . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems you will usually be given a lower dose of exalief . your doctor will work out the correct dose for you . exalief is not recommended if you have severe kidney problems . patients with liver problems the dose is the same as for adults . however , exalief is not recommended if you have severe liver problems . please talk to your doctor if you are unsure about the dose you should be taking . method and route of administration swallow the tablet with a glass of water . if you take more exalief than you should if you accidently take more exalief than you should , tell a doctor or go to a hospital accident and emergency department immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take exalief if you forget to take a tablet , take it as soon as you remember and carry on as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for the one you have missed . if you stop taking exalief do not stop taking your tablets suddenly . if you do , you are at risk of having more seizures . your doctor will decide how long you should take exalief for . should your doctor decide to stop your treatment with exalief your dose will usually be reduced gradually . it is important that your treatment is completed as advised by your doctor or your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration karvea is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take karvea with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take karvea until your doctor tells you otherwise . patients with high blood pressure the usual dose is 150 mg once a day ( two tablets a day ). the dose may later be increased to 300 mg ( four tablets a day ) once daily depending on blood pressure response . patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes , 300 mg ( four tablets a day ) once daily is the preferred maintenance dose for the treatment of associated kidney disease . the doctor may advise a lower dose , especially when starting treatment in certain patients such as those on haemodialysis , or those over the age of 75 years . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 4 - 6 weeks after beginning treatment . use in children and adolescents karvea should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you take more karvea than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take karvea if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the usual recommended dose is 600 mg twice a day . this means you take a total of 1 , 200 mg each day . if you have certain side effects your doctor may recommend a lower dose , or temporarily stop your treatment . rubraca is available as either 200 mg , 250 mg or 300 mg tablets . taking this medicine take the tablets once in the morning and once in the evening , approximately 12 hours apart . you can take the tablets with or without food . if you are sick ( vomit ) after taking rubraca , do not take an extra dose . take your next dose at your regular time . if you take more rubraca than you should if you take more tablets than you should , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . you may need medical help . if you forget to take rubraca if you forget to take a dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking rubraca it is important to keep taking rubraca every day as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
exubera should be taken within 10 minutes before the start of a meal . your doctor will decide how much exubera you will initially need based on your weight and recommend any changes after that based on your diet and amount of exercise . a 1 mg blister of exubera gives you about the same insulin dose as 3 iu of subcutaneously injected fast - acting insulin human . a 3 mg blister of exubera gives you about the same insulin dose as 8 iu of subcutaneously injected fast - acting insulin human . if you have low body weight check with your doctor if you can use exubera . if you need dose titrations of less than 1 mg it is recommended you do not use exubera . always make sure you have the correct strength and number of exubera blisters available before taking your dose . it is important that you take the number of 1 mg and 3 mg blisters that your doctor recommends in the combination that he or she recommends . do not use three 1 mg blisters in place of one 3 mg blister , as this will give you a much higher dose of insulin . if you temporarily run out of 3 mg blisters , two 1 mg blisters should be used and you should monitor your blood glucose levels closely . you should contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to get more 3 mg blisters . if you are unsure contact your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . preparing to take exubera to use an exubera blister , first separate the blister from the spine by tearing along the tear line ( perforation ). do not open the blister containing exubera . the blister will be punctured inside the inhaler when you use it . do not swallow the contents of the blister . exubera should only be breathed in through your mouth and should only be taken with your insulin inhaler . always follow your doctor ' s instructions about when and how to take exubera . please see the " instructions for use " at the end of the package leaflet for advice on how to use your insulin inhaler , and how to care for it . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you have any questions regarding exubera or the insulin inhaler . mistakes in dosage please discuss with your doctor what you should do if you were to take too much or too little exubera , or if you miss a dose , so that you know what to do . if you have taken too much insulin , you may develop hypoglycaemia . check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hypoglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood 59 sugar . for information on the treatment of hypoglycaemia , see the end of section 4 " possible side effects ". if you have missed a dose of insulin or if you have taken too low a dose , your blood sugar level may become too high . check your blood sugar frequently . for further information on hyperglycaemia , see the end of section 4 " possible side effects ".
always take clopidogrel hexal exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel hexal ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel hexal per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel hexal for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel hexal if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel hexal , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel hexal do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in each affected eye , once daily at bedtime . instructions for use follow these instructions carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if there is anything you do not understand . 1 2 3 wash your hands . if you wear contact lenses , take them out at bedtime before using the drops ; you can reinsert them when you wake up . open the aluminium pouch , which contains 5 single - dose containers . take one single - dose container from the aluminium pouch . gently shake the single dose container prior to use . twist off the cap ( picture 1 ). pull down your lower eyelid ( picture 2 ). tilt your head back and look up at the ceiling . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine onto your eye . make sure you do not touch your eye with the tip of the single - dose container . blink a few times so that the medicine covers your eye . after using ikervis , press a finger into the corner of your eye by the nose and close gently the eyelids for 2 minutes ( picture 3 ). this helps to stop ikervis getting into the rest of the body . if you use drops in both eyes , repeat the steps for your other eye . discard the single dose container as soon as you have used it , even if there is still some liquid left in it . the remaining single - dose containers should be kept in the aluminium pouch . if a drop misses your eye , try again . if you use more ikervis than you should , rinse your eye with water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . do not use more than one drop each day in the affected eye ( s ). if you stop using ikervis without speaking to your doctor , the inflammation of the transparent front part of your eye ( known as keratitis ) will not be controlled and could lead to impaired vision . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
duration and frequency of treatment 31 patients with newly diagnosed acute promyelocytic leukaemia your doctor will give you trisenox once every day as an infusion . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 60 days at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if your disease responds to trisenox , you will be given 4 additional treatment cycles . each cycle consists of 20 doses given 5 days per week ( followed by 2 days interruption ) for 4 weeks followed by 4 weeks interruption . your doctor will decide exactly how long you must continue on therapy with trisenox . patients with acute promyelocytic leukaemia , whose disease has not responded to other therapies your doctor will give you trisenox once every day as an infusion . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 50 days at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if your disease responds to trisenox , you will be given a second treatment cycle of 25 doses given 5 days per week ( followed by 2 days interruption ) for 5 weeks . your doctor will decide exactly how long you must continue on therapy with trisenox . method and route of administration trisenox must be diluted with a solution containing glucose or a solution containing sodium chloride . trisenox is normally given by a doctor or a nurse . it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein over 1 - 2 hours , but the infusion may last longer if side effects like flushing and dizziness occur . trisenox must not be mixed with , or infused through the same tube with other medicines . if your doctor or nurse gives you more trisenox than he / she should you may experience convulsions , muscle weakness and confusion . if this happens , treatment with trisenox must be stopped immediately and your doctor will treat the arsenic overdose . if you have any further question on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . lumigan should only be applied to the eye . the recommended dose is one drop of lumigan in the evening , once daily in each eye that needs treatment . if you use lumigan with another eye medicine , wait at least five minutes between using lumigan and the other eye medicine . do not use more than once a day as the effectiveness of treatment may be reduced . instructions for use : you must not use the bottle if the tamper - proof seal on the bottle neck is broken before you first use it . 1 . wash your hands . tilt your head back and look at the ceiling . 2 . gently pull down the lower eyelid until there is a small pocket . 3 . turn the bottle upside down and squeeze it to release one drop into each eye that needs treatment . 4 . let go of the lower lid , and close your eye for 30 seconds . wipe off any excess that runs down the cheek . if a drop misses your eye , try again . to help prevent infections and avoid eye injury , do not let the tip of the bottle touch your eye or anything else . put the cap back on and close the bottle straight after you have used it . if you use more lumigan 0 . 1 mg / ml than you should if you use more lumigan than you should , it is unlikely to cause you any serious harm . put your next dose in at the usual time . if you are worried , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use lumigan 0 . 1 mg / ml if you forget to use lumigan , use a single drop as soon as you remember , and then go back to your regular routine . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using lumigan 0 . 1 mg / ml lumigan should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using lumigan the pressure inside your eye may go up , therefore talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage 26 the recommended dose of memantine mylan for adults and older people is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a 10 mg tablet week 2 one 10 mg tablet week 3 one and a half 10 mg tablets week 4 and beyond two 10 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a 10 mg tablet once a day ( 5 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one 10 mg tablet once a day ( 10 mg ) in the second week and to 1 and a half 10 mg tablets once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is two 10 mg tablets once a day ( 20 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired kidney function if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration memantine mylan should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be divided into equal doses and can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take memantine mylan as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor should assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you take more memantine mylan than you should - in general , taking too much memantine mylan should not result in any harm to you . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 . " possible side effects ". - if you take a large overdose of memantine mylan , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take memantine mylan - if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of memantine mylan , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of pemetrexed pfizer is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed pfizer powder with water for injections and 5 % glucose solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed pfizer by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . use in combination with cisplatin the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed pfizer has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines corticosteriods : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed pfizer treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1 , 000 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed pfizer . you must take at least 5 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed pfizer . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed pfizer . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 1 , 000 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed pfizer and then approximately every 9 weeks ( corresponding to 3 courses of pemetrexed pfizer treatment ). vitamin b12 and folic acid are given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the doctor that starts you on repso and supervises you while you are on it should be experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis . the usual starting dose is 100 mg once a day for 3 days . after this the dose is : - for rheumatoid arthritis : 10 mg or 20 mg once daily depending on the severity of the disease . - for psoriatic arthritis : 20 mg once daily . repso tablets should be swallowed whole with plenty of water . repso tablets can be taken with or without food . it will take 4 to 6 weeks before you feel an improvement in your condition . some people will notice further improvement after 4 to 6 months of treatment . you will normally take repso over long periods of time . if you take more repso than you should if you or someone else swallows a lot of the tablets all together , or if you think a child has swallowed any of the tablets , contact your nearest hospital casualty department or your doctor immediately . please take this leaflet , any remaining tablets and the container with you to the hospital or doctor so that they know which tablets were consumed . if you forget to take repso in case you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
you will be given revasc as an injection under the skin . administration is by subcutaneous injection , preferably at an abdominal site . injections should be rotated between at least four different sites . the first injection should be initiated 5 to 15 minutes before surgery but after induction of regional block anaesthesia , if used . treatment with desirudin is then continued twice daily post - operatively for 9 to a maximum of 12 days or until the patient is fully mobile , whichever occurs first . currently , there is no clinical experience to support the use of revasc beyond 12 days . usual dosage always take revasc exactly as your doctor has instructed you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dosage is 15mg injected twice a day for 9 days to a maximum of 12 days . you will be given the first injection within 5 to 15 minutes before the operation . if you need treatment for longer than 12 days , the doctor may switch you to another similar medicine . if you have a kidney or liver disease , the doctor or nurse will monitor your blood for clotting activity and may change your dose or dosing schedule accordingly . if you are given more than you should overdose with revasc may lead to bleeding . if this occurs , revasc will be stopped and treatment given for the bleeding . if a dose is missed if a dose of this medicine is missed , it should be given to you as soon as possible . if it is almost time for the next dose you will skip the missed dose and go back to the normal dosage schedule . the dose should not be doubled .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . which strength patches to use neupro is available in different strength patches which release the medicine over 24 hours . the strengths are 1 mg / 24 h , 2 mg / 24 h and 3 mg / 24 h for the treatment of restless leg syndrome . your starting dose will be one , 1 mg / 24 h patch each day . from the second week , your daily dose may be increased by 1 mg each week until you get to the right maintenance dose for you . this is when you and your doctor agree that the symptoms are being controlled well enough and the side effects of the medicines are acceptable . please follow the instructions of the prescriber carefully . the maximum dose is 3 mg per day . if you have to stop taking this medicine , see ' if you stop using neupro ' in section 3 . how to use the neupro patches neupro is a patch that is put on the skin . make sure that you take the old patch off before putting on a new one . stick the new patch on a different area of the skin each day . leave the patch on your skin for 24 hours , then take it off and put on a new one . change the patches at about the same time every day . do not cut the neupro patches into pieces . where to stick the patch put the sticky side of the patch onto clean , dry , healthy skin on the following areas as shown in grey on the pictures opposite : shoulder or upper arm . belly . flank ( your side , between the ribs and hips ). thigh or hip . to avoid skin irritation stick the patch onto a different area of skin each day . for example , put it on the right side of your body one day , then on the left side of your body the next day . or on your upper body one day , then on your lower body the day after that . do not stick neupro on the same area of skin twice within 14 days . do not stick the patch on broken or damaged skin or on skin that is red or irritated . if you still get problems with your skin because of the patch , please see ' skin problems caused by the patch ' in section 4 for more information . to prevent the patch becoming loose or falling off do not put the patch in an area where it can be rubbed by tight clothing . do not use creams , oils , lotions , powders or other skin products where you will put the patch . also do not use them on or near a patch you are already wearing . if you need to stick the patch to a hairy area of skin , you must shave the area at least 3 days before sticking the patch there . if the edges of the patch lift , the patch may be taped down with adhesive medical tape . if the patch falls off , put on a new patch for the rest of the day then replace the patch at the usual time . do not let the area of the patch get hot for example too much sunlight , saunas , hot baths , heating pads or hot - water bottles . this is because the medicine may be released faster . if you think that too much heat has been applied , contact your doctor or pharmacist . always check that the patch has not fallen off after activities such as bathing , showering or exercising . if the patch has irritated your skin , keep that area protected from direct sunlight . this is because it may change the colour of the skin . how to use the patch each patch is packed in a separate sachet . before opening the sachet decide where you are going to stick this new patch and check you have removed any old patch . stick the neupro patch onto your skin as soon as you have opened the sachet and removed the release liner . 1 . to open the sachet , hold the sachet in both hands . 2 . peel apart the foil . 3 . open the sachet . 4 . take the patch out of the sachet . 5 . the sticky side of the patch is covered by a transparent release liner . hold the patch in both hands with the release liner facing you . 6 . bend the patch in half . this makes the s - shaped break in the liner open up . 7 . peel off one side of the release liner . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your fingers . 8 . hold the other half of the rigid release liner . then put the sticky half of the patch onto your skin . press the sticky side of the patch firmly into place . 9 . fold back the other half of the patch and remove the other side of the release liner . 10 . press the patch down firmly with the palm of your hand . keep it pressed for about 30 seconds . this makes sure the patch is touching the skin and the edges stick down well . 11 . wash your hands with soap and water straight after handling the patch . how to take off a used patch slowly and carefully peel off the used patch . gently wash the area with warm water and mild soap . this will remove any stickiness that stays on your skin . you can also use a little baby oil to remove any stickiness that will not wash off . do not use alcohol or other dissolving liquids such as nail polish remover . these may irritate your skin . if you use more neupro than you should using higher doses of neupro than your doctor has prescribed may cause side effects such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , low blood pressure , seeing or hearing things that are not real ( hallucinations ), feeling confused , very sleepy , having involuntary movements and convulsions . in such cases , contact your doctor or hospital straight away . they will tell you what to do . if you forget to change the patch at your usual time if you have forgotten to change the patch at your usual time , change it as soon as you remember . take off the old patch and use a new one . if you have forgotten to stick on a new patch after removing the old one , use a new patch as soon as you remember . in both cases , use a new patch at the usual time on the following day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using neupro do not stop using neupro without talking to your doctor . a sudden stop could lead to a medical condition called ' neuroleptic malignant syndrome ' which could be life - threatening . the signs include : 132 loss of muscle movement ( akinesia ), rigid muscles , fever , unstable blood pressure , increased heart rate ( tachycardia ), confusion , low level of consciousness ( such as a coma ). if your doctor says you should stop neupro , the daily dose should be lowered gradually : restless legs syndrome lowered by 1 mg every other day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have been prescribed two different strengths for treatment of two different areas you should make sure that you use the prescribed strength on the correct area . do not apply the 500 mcg / g gel on the face or scalp as this could lead to intense local skin responses . - treatment of actinic keratosis on the face and scalp is one tube of picato 150 micrograms / g gel ( containing 70 micrograms of ingenol mebutate ) once a day for 3 days in a row . instructions for use : - open a new tube each time you use this medicine . remove the cap from the tube just before use . - squeeze the gel from one tube onto a fingertip . - apply the content of one tube to one area of 25 cm2 ( e . g . 5 cm x 5 cm ). - gently rub the gel onto the treatment area . - allow the area to dry for 15 minutes . avoid touching the treatment area for 6 hours after applying your medicine . - wash your hands with soap and water immediately after applying the gel , and also in between administrations if prescribed two different strengths for two different areas . - do not apply this medicine immediately after taking a shower or less than 2 hours before bedtime . - do not wash the areas where you applied the gel for at least 6 hours after you apply it . - do not touch the treatment area yourself or allow anyone or any pets to touch the treatment area for a period of 6 hours after applying the gel . - do not cover the treated area with air - or water - tight bandages after you have applied this medicine . - the full effect of picato can be evaluated approximately 8 weeks after treatment . if you use picato for treatment of the neck if more than half of the treatment area is located in the upper part of the neck : - use picato 150 mcg / g gel ( face and scalp ) if more than half of the treatment area is located in the lower part of the neck : - use picato 500 mcg / g gel ( trunk and extremities ) if you use more picato than you should wash the area with soap and water . please contact your doctor or pharmacist if you experience severe skin reactions . if you forget to use picato please contact your doctor or pharmacist if you forget to use picato . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . keep in touch with your doctor , and do not stop taking trizivir without your doctor ' s advice . how much to take the usual dose of trizivir for adults is one tablet twice a day . take the tablets at regular times , leaving approximately 12 hours between each tablet . swallow the tablets whole , with some water . trizivir can be taken with or without food . if you take more trizivir than you should if you accidentally take too much trizivir , tell your doctor or your pharmacist , or contact your nearest hospital emergency department for further advice . if you forget to take trizivir if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . then continue your treatment as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . it is important to take trizivir regularly , because if you take it at irregular intervals it may not continue to work against the hiv infection , and you may be more likely to have a hypersensitivity reaction . if you have stopped taking trizivir if you have stopped taking trizivir for any reason — especially because you think you are having side effects , or because you have other illness : talk to your doctor before you start taking it again . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if the doctor thinks they may have been related , you will be told never again to take trizivir , or any other medicine containing abacavir ( kivexa , triumeq or ziagen ). it is important that you follow this advice . if your doctor advises that you can start taking trizivir again , you may be asked to take your first doses in a place where you will have ready access to medical care if you need it .
this medicine is usually injected by a nurse or a doctor . the recommended starting dose is two consecutive injections of 120 mg . after that , you will receive a monthly 80 mg injection . the injected liquid forms a gel from which degarelix is released over a period of one month . firmagon must be injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ) only . firmagon must not be given into a blood vessel ( intravenously ). precautions must be taken to avoid accidental injection into a vein . the site of injection is likely to vary within the abdominal region . if you forget to use firmagon if you believe your monthly dose of firmagon has been forgotten , please talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take memantine merz exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of memantine merz for adults and older people is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a 10 mg tablet week 2 one 10 mg tablet week 3 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 4 and beyond two 10 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet once a day ( 1x 5 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 1 and a half tablet once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 2 tablets once a day ( 1x 20 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired kidney function if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration memantine merz should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take memantine merz as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor should assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you take more memantine merz than you should - in general , taking too much memantine merz should not result in any harm to you . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 . „ possible side effects ". - if you take a large overdose of memantine merz , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take memantine merz - if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of memantine merz , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . you are more likely to stop smoking if you are motivated to stop . your doctor and pharmacist can provide advice , support and sources of further information to help ensure your attempt to stop smoking is successful . before starting your course of champix you should usually decide on a date in the second week of treatment ( between day 8 and day 14 ) when you will stop smoking . if you are not willing or able to set a target quit date within 2 weeks , you may choose your own target quit date within 5 weeks after starting treatment . you should write this date on the pack as a reminder . champix comes as a white tablet ( 0 . 5 mg ) and a light blue tablet ( 1 mg ). you start with the white tablet and then usually go to the light blue tablet . see the chart below for the usual dosing instructions which you should follow from day 1 . week 1 dose day 1 - 3 from day 1 to day 3 , you should take one white champix 0 . 5 mg film - coated tablet once a day . day 4 - 7 from day 4 to day 7 , you should take one white champix 0 . 5 mg film - coated tablet twice daily , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . week 2 day 8 14 from day 8 to day 14 , you should take one light blue champix 1 mg film - coated tablet twice daily , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . weeks 3 - 12 day 15 - end of treatment from day 15 until the end of treatment , you should take one light blue champix 1 mg film - coated tablet twice daily , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . after 12 weeks of treatment , if you have stopped smoking , your doctor may recommend an additional 12 weeks of treatment with champix 1 mg film - coated tablets twice daily to help avoid returning back to smoking . if you are not able or willing to quit smoking straight away , you should reduce smoking during the first 12 weeks of treatment and quit by the end of that treatment period . you should then continue to take champix 1 mg film - coated tablets twice daily for a further 12 weeks resulting in a total of 24 weeks of treatment . should you experience adverse effects that you cannot tolerate your doctor may decide to reduce your dose temporarily or permanently to 0 . 5 mg twice daily . if you have problems with your kidneys , you should speak to your doctor before taking champix . you may need a lower dose . champix is for oral use . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water and can be taken with or without food . if you take more champix than you should if you accidentally take more champix than your doctor prescribed , you must seek medical advice or go to the nearest hospital casualty department immediately . take your box of tablets with you . if you forget to take champix do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . it is important that you take champix regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if , it is within 3 - 4 hours before your next dose , do not take the tablet that you have missed . if you stop taking champix it has been shown in clinical trials that taking all doses of your medicine at the appropriate times and for the recommended duration of treatment described above will increase your chances of stopping smoking . therefore , unless your doctor instructs you to stop treatment , it is important to keep taking champix , according to the instructions described in the table above . in smoking cessation therapy , risk of returning to smoking may be elevated in the period immediately following the end of treatment . you may temporarily experience increased irritability , urge to smoke , depression and / or sleep disturbances when you stop taking champix . your doctor may decide to gradually lower your dose of champix at the end of treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
torisel will always be prepared and given to you by a doctor or another healthcare professional as an intravenous infusion ( into your vein ). you should receive an injection of antihistamine ( to try to prevent allergic reaction to torisel ) directly into your vein approximately 30 minutes before your dose of torisel . the torisel concentrate must first be diluted with 1 . 8 ml of the supplied solvent to achieve a concentration of 10 mg / ml before administration in sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection ( see dilution instructions at the end of the package leaflet ). for renal cancer , the recommended dose is 25 mg infused ( as a drip ) over a 30 to 60 minute period once weekly . for mantle cell lymphoma , the recommended dose is 175 mg infused ( as a drip ) over a 30 - to 60 - minute period once weekly for 3 weeks followed by single weekly doses of 75 mg infused ( as a drip ) over a 30 - to 60 - minute period . treatment with torisel should continue until you are no longer benefiting from therapy or until unacceptable side effects occur . as this medicine is prepared and given by a healthcare professional , it is unlikely you will be given too much or that you will miss a dose . if you are concerned about this , tell your doctor immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
stelara is intended for use under the guidance and supervision of a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis . stelara 130 mg concentrate for solution for infusion will be given to you by your doctor , through a drip in the vein of your arm ( intravenous infusion ) over at least one hour . talk to your doctor about when you will have your injections and follow - up appointments . how much stelara is given your doctor will decide how much stelara you need to receive and for how long . adults aged 18 years or older the doctor will work out the recommended intravenous infusion dose for you based on your body weight . your body weight dose ≤ 55 kg 260 mg > 55 kg to ≤ 85 kg 390 mg > 85 kg 520 mg after the starting intravenous dose , you will have the next dose of 90 mg stelara by an injection under your skin ( subcutaneous injection ) 8 weeks later , and then every 12 weeks therafter . how stelara is given the first dose of stelara for treatment of crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis is given by a doctor as a drip in the vein of an arm ( intravenous infusion ). talk to your doctor if you have any questions about receiving stelara . if you forget to use stelara if you forget or miss the appointment for receiving the dose , contact your doctor to reschedule your appointment . if you stop using stelara it is not dangerous to stop using stelara . however , if you stop , your symptoms may come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you / your child are not sure . the first dose should be given under medical supervision . dosage adults and children 6 years of age and older the contents of one colobreathe capsule should be inhaled twice a day using the turbospin inhaler . there should be a 12 hour gap between doses . the order in which other treatments should be taken or carried out if you / your child are taking other treatments for cystic fibrosis you / your child should take them in the following order : inhaled bronchodilators chest physiotherapy other inhaled medicines then colobreathe you / your child should confirm the order of your treatments with your doctor . method of administration colobreathe is inhaled into the lungs as a powder from the capsule using the hand - held inhaler called the turbospin . colobreathe can only be administered using this device . do not swallow colobreathe capsules . to inhale colobreathe from the capsule through the turbospin inhaler follow the procedure described below . your doctor , pharmacist or nurse should show you / your child how to inhale the medicine when you / your child first start treatment : taking colobreathe using the turbospin inhaler preparing the turbospin 24 1 . remove the cap . it comes away with a gentle pull . 2 . unscrew the mouthpiece , exposing the chamber of the turbospin inhaler . 3 . remove a single capsule from the blister . once you have removed the capsule it must be used immediately . 4 . gently insert the capsule into the chamber with the widest end first . no force is required . 5 . now replace the mouthpiece by screwing it back into place . piercing the capsule and inhaling the medicine 6 . to pierce the capsule : hold the inhaler with the mouthpiece upright , gently push the piston upwards until the visible line is reached you will feel resistance at this point and this will lock the capsule in place ready for piercing . hold that position before continuing to follow through with the piercing . now , with the capsule locked in place , continue pushing the piston as far as it will go and then release . the capsule is now pierced and the contents can be inhaled . do not pierce the capsule more than once . you may see a small amount of powder released from the capsule chamber after the capsule is pierced , this is normal . 7 . breathe out slowly . place the mouthpiece between your lips and teeth . ensure there is a seal between your lips and the mouthpiece . take care not to cover the air slits with your fingers or mouth during inhalation . 8 . then , breathe in slowly and deeply through your mouth at a rate sufficient for you to hear or feel the capsule spinning . 9 . remove the turbospin inhaler from your mouth and hold your breath for about 10 seconds or for as long as is comfortable , then breathe out slowly . 10 . if you do not hear the capsule spinning , the capsule may be stuck in the compartment . if this occurs , you can loosen the capsule by gently tapping the chamber of the inhaler . do not try to loosen the capsule by repeatedly pressing the piston . if the capsule cannot be loosened and the powder cannot be inhaled , dispose of the broken capsule and any powder remaining in it and use another . 11 . inhale the medicine again by repeating steps 7 and 8 to ensure you have emptied the capsule . 12 . you can check whether the capsule is empty by unscrewing the mouthpiece and checking the capsule . if it is not empty , repeat steps 7 , 8 and 9 until you have inhaled all of the contents . 13 . once all the contents have been inhaled , rinse your mouth out well with water and spit out . removing the empty capsule from the turbospin 14 . when the capsule is empty , unscrew the mouthpiece , then remove and discard the empty capsule . additional information 26 as you breathe in slowly , you suck air through the body of the turbospin inhaler into the capsule chamber . the tiny particles of medication in the capsule are picked up by the airflow and carried down your airway into your lungs . occasionally , very small pieces of the capsule shell can get into your mouth or airways . if this happens , you may be able to feel these pieces on your tongue or in your airways . the capsule shell is made of gelatin , which is harmless to humans if swallowed or inhaled . the chances of the capsule breaking into pieces are increased if the capsule is pierced more than once during step 6 . cleaning the turbospin device clean the turbospin inhaler after each dose using the following procedure : 1 . deeply press the piston a few times whilst keeping the chamber turned upside down . 2 . clean the chamber using a tissue or cotton bud . do not use water . 3 . screw the mouthpiece firmly back into place , put the cap back on and the inhaler is ready to be used for your next dose . if you / your child use more colobreathe than you / your child should , or have accidentally swallowed the capsule , contact your doctor immediately for advice . if you / your child forget to use colobreathe if you / your child forget to take a dose of colobreathe then you / your child should take your missed dose as soon as you / your child remember . you / your child must not take 2 doses within 12 hours . carry on from there as instructed . if you / your child stop using colobreathe do not stop your treatment early unless your doctor says you can . your doctor will decide how long you / your child ' s treatment should last . if you / your child have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
strimvelis is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ). it can only be given in a specialised hospital , and by a doctor who is experienced in treating patients with ada - scid and in using this type of medicine . strimvelis can only be made if the doctor can collect enough of the right kind of cells from the patient ' s own bone marrow . before strimvelis is made , the doctor will do tests to make sure that you ( or your child ) are not carrying certain infections ( see section 2 ). two samples are collected the doctor will collect two samples of bone marrow stem cells before the planned treatment : the backup sample , at least 3 weeks before . it will be stored , to be given to the patient as replacement stem cells if strimvelis cannot be given or does not work ( see ' when strimvelis treatment cannot be completed ' in section 2 ) the treatment sample , 4 to 5 days before . it will be used to make the strimvelis , by putting a new gene into the cells . before and during strimvelis treatment when what is done why at least 3 weeks before treatment backup sample of stem cells collected to be stored as a backup ( see above ) about 4 to 5 days before treatment treatment sample of stem cells collected to make strimvelis ( see above ) 3 days and 2 days before treatment a medicine called busulfan is given four times a day for two days ( total of 8 doses ) to make the bone marrow ready for strimvelis about 15 to 30 minutes before treatment an antihistamine medicine may be given to make it less likely that you will react to the infusion strimvelis is given … by a drip into a vein . this will take about 20 minutes
how yervoy is given yervoy will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of an experienced doctor . when yervoy is given alone for the treatment of skin cancer , yervoy will be given to you as an infusion ( a drip ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 90 minutes . when yervoy is given in combination with nivolumab for the treatment of skin cancer , you will be given an infusion over a period of 90 minutes every 3 weeks for the first 4 doses ( combination phase ). thereafter , nivolumab will be given as an infusion over a period of 30 or 60 minutes , every 2 weeks or 4 weeks , depending on the dose you are receiving ( single - agent phase ). when yervoy is given in combination with nivolumab the treatment of advanced kidney cancer , you will be given an infusion over a period of 30 minutes every 3 weeks for the first 4 doses ( combination phase ). thereafter , nivolumab will be given as an infusion over a period of 30 or 60 minutes , every 2 weeks or 4 weeks , depending on the dose you are receiving ( single - agent phase ). when yervoy is given in combination with nivolumab and chemotherapy for the treatment of advanced non - small cell lung cancer , you will be given an infusion over a period of 30 minutes every 6 weeks . after completion of 2 cycles of chemotherapy , ipilimumab will be given in combination with nivolumab as an infusion over a period of 30 minutes every 6 weeks . how much yervoy is given when yervoy is given alone for the treatment of skin cancer , the recommended dose is 3 mg of ipilimumab per kilogram of your body weight . the amount of yervoy you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . depending on your dose , some or all of the content of the yervoy vial may be diluted with sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection or 50 mg / ml ( 5 %) glucose solution for injection before use . more than one vial may be necessary to obtain the required dose . you will be treated with yervoy once every 3 weeks , for a total of 4 doses . you may notice the appearance of new lesions or growth of existing lesions on your skin , which can be expected when you are being treated with yervoy . your doctor will continue giving you yervoy for a total of 4 doses , depending on your tolerance to the treatment . when yervoy is given in combination with nivolumab for the treatment of skin cancer , the recommended dose of yervoy is 3 mg of ipilimumab per kilogram of your body weight every 3 weeks for the first 4 doses ( combination phase ). thereafter the recommended dose of nivolumab is 240 mg given every 2 weeks or 480 mg given every 4 weeks ( single - agent phase ). when yervoy is given in combination with nivolumab for the treatment of advanced kidney cancer , the recommended dose of yervoy is 1 mg of ipilimumab per kilogram of your body weight every 3 weeks for the first 4 doses ( combination phase ). thereafter , the recommended dose of nivolumab is 240 mg given every 2 weeks or 480 mg given every 4 weeks ( single - agent phase ). when yervoy is given in combination with nivolumab and chemotherapy for the treatment of advanced non - small cell lung cancer , you will be given an infusion over a period of 30 minutes , every 6 weeks . if you miss a dose of yervoy it is very important for you to keep all your appointments to receive yervoy . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you stop using yervoy stopping your treatment may stop the effect of the medicine . do not stop treatment with yervoy unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you have any further questions about your treatment or the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . when yervoy is given in combination with nivolumab or in combination with nivolumab and chemotherapy , you will first be given nivolumab followed by yervoy and then by chemotherapy . please refer to the package leaflet of the other anti - cancer medicines in order to understand the use of these other medicines . if you have questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 500 mg fulvestrant ( two 250 mg / 5 ml injections ) given once a month , with an additional 500 mg dose given 2 weeks after the initial dose . your doctor or nurse will give you faslodex as a slow intramuscular injection , one into each of your buttocks . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
before starting the treatment your doctor will determine the amount of her2 in your tumour . only patients with a large amount of her2 will be treated with herceptin . herceptin should only be given by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of herceptin depends on your body weight . two different types ( formulations ) of herceptin exist : one is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) the other is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). it is important to check the product labels to ensure that the correct formulation is being given as prescribed . herceptin intravenous formulation is not for subcutaneous use and should be given as an intravenous infusion only . your doctor may consider switching your herceptin intravenous treatment to herceptin subcutaneous treatment ( and vice versa ) if considered appropriate for you . herceptin intravenous formulation is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your veins . the first dose of your treatment is given over 90 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of infusions you receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is herceptin ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . for early breast cancer , metastatic breast cancer and metastatic gastric cancer , herceptin is given every 3 weeks . herceptin may also be given once a week for metastatic breast cancer . if you stop using herceptin do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . all doses should be taken at the right time every week or every three weeks ( depending on your dosing schedule ). this helps your medicine work as well as it can . it may take up to 7 months for herceptin to be removed from your body . therefore your doctor may decide to continue to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment should be initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of bleeding disorders . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . coagadex should be injected directly into a vein . before injecting this medicine at home , you should have received training by your healthcare professional on how to do so . your doctor will explain to you how much you should use , when you should use it and for how long . your doctor will usually tell you your dose in terms of the number of full vials that supply the dose most suited to you . not more than 60 iu / kg daily should be administered in any age group . adult how much coagadex is given to treat a bleed or prevent further bleeding ? your doctor will tell you how much coagadex to administer to treat a bleed and to prevent further bleeding ; the dose required will depend on your normal blood level of factor x how much is given before , during and after major surgery ? before : the dose of coagadex used should be sufficient to raise your blood factor x level to between 70 and 90 units / dl . the dose you need will depend on your normal blood level of factor x and will be calculated by your doctor . after : during the first few days after the operation , your plasma factor x concentration will be checked regularly . it is recommended that your blood factor x level is kept above 50 units / dl . the dose you need will be calculated by your doctor . if your blood factor x concentration is too low ( this will be tested by your doctor ), or if it decreases faster than expected , an inhibitor to factor x may be present which stops coagadex from working properly . your doctor will arrange for the appropriate laboratory tests to see if this is the case . how much is given regularly for long - term prevention of bleeds ? your doctor will advise if this use is suitable for you and , if so , of the appropriate dose . use in children and adolescents your doctor will recommend an appropriate dose for you . generally the doses for children less than 12 years old are larger than doses for adolescents which should follow those in adults . when to inject coagadex the medicine should be injected when the first sign of bleeding occurs the injection should be repeated as necessary to stop the bleeding each individual bleed should be judged on its own severity if you are using this medicine for the first time , your doctor will supervise you dissolving your medicines before use your medicine must only be dissolved in the solvent provided with the product . quantity of coagadex volume of solvent 250 iu 2 . 5 ml 500 iu 5 ml coagadex is supplied with the amount of solvent as shown in the table . you can dissolve coagadex using the needle - free mix2vial transfer device included within each pack . bring the containers of coagadex to room temperature before mixing . make up the medicine as follows : 30 step 1 remove the cap from the powder vial and clean the top of the stopper with an alcohol swab . repeat this step with the vial of solvent . peel back the top of the transfer device package but leave the device in the package . step 2 place the blue end of the transfer device on the solvent vial and push straight down until the spike penetrates the rubber stopper and snaps into place . remove the plastic outer packaging from the transfer device and discard it , taking care not to touch the exposed end of the device . step 3 turn the solvent vial upside down with the device still attached . place the clear end of the transfer device on the powder vial and push straight down until the spike penetrates the rubber stopper and snaps into place . step 4 the solvent will be pulled into the powder vial by the vacuum contained within it . gently swirl the vial to make sure the powder is thoroughly mixed . do not shake the vial . a clear or slightly pearl - like solution should be obtained , usually in about 1 minute ( 5 minutes maximum ). step 5 separate the empty solvent vial and blue part from the clear part by unscrewing anti - clockwise . draw air into the syringe by pulling the plunger to the required volume of water added . connect the syringe to the clear part of the transfer device and push the air in the syringe into the vial . step 6 immediately invert the vial of solution , which will be drawn into the syringe . disconnect the filled syringe from the device . the product is now ready for use . follow the normal safety practices for administration . make sure you use the product within an hour after it has been made up . do not use this medicine : - if the solvent is not pulled into the vial ( this indicates loss of vacuum in the vial , so the powder must not be used ). - if the dissolved powder and solvent form a gel or a clot ( if this happens please tell your healthcare provider , reporting the batch number printed on the vial ). if you use more coagadex than you should if you administer more coagadex than your doctor prescribed , it is possible you might develop a blood clot . if you think you may be using too much , stop the injection and tell the doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you know you have used too much , tell the doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use coagadex do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . inject your normal dose as you remember and then continue dosing as instructed by your doctor . if you stop using coagadex always consult your doctor before deciding to stop your treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much dectova is given your doctor will decide how much dectova is right for you . the amount you are given is based on your age , body weight , and the results of your blood tests ( to check how well your kidneys are working ). your dose may be increased or decreased depending on how well you respond to treatment . adults the recommended dose is 600 mg twice daily for 5 to 10 days . if your kidneys are not working as well as they should , your doctor will decide on the reduced dose for you . children your doctor will decide on the correct dose of dectova . when and how dectova is given dectova should be given as soon as possible , usually within 6 days of the symptoms of flu appearing . a doctor or nurse will give you dectova as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . it is usually given into your arm over about 30 minutes . if you have any questions on the use of dectova , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving it you . if you are given more dectova than you should it is unlikely that you will be given too much , but if you think you have been given too much dectova , tell your doctor or nurse immediately .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take you will begin treatment with venclyxto at a low dose for 1 week . your doctor will gradually increase the dose over the next 4 weeks to the full standard dose . for the first 4 weeks you will get a new pack each week . the starting dose is 20 mg ( two 10 mg tablets ) once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 50 mg ( one 50 mg tablet ) once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 100 mg ( one 100 mg tablet ) once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 200 mg ( two 100 mg tablets ) once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 400 mg ( four 100 mg tablets ) once a day for 7 days . when you are receiving venclyxto therapy alone , you will stay on the 400 mg daily dose , which is the standard dose , for as long as necessary . when you are receiving venclyxto therapy in combination with rituximab , you will receive the 400 mg daily dose for 24 months . when you are receiving venclyxto therapy in combination with obinutuzumab , you will receive the 400 mg daily dose for approximately 10 months . your dose may need to be adjusted for side effects . your doctor will advise what your dose should be . how to take venclyxto take the tablets with a meal at around the same time each day swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water do not chew , crush , or break the tablets during the first 5 weeks of treatment , you should take the tablets in the morning to help you follow - up with blood tests , if needed . if you vomit after taking venclyxto , do not take an extra dose that day . take the next dose at the usual time the next day . if you have problems taking this medicine , talk to your doctor . drink plenty of water it is very important that you drink plenty of water when taking venclyxto during the first 5 weeks of treatment . this will help to remove cancer cell breakdown products from your blood through your urine . you should start drinking at least 1 . 5 to 2 litres of water daily two days before starting venclyxto . you may also include non - alcoholic and non - caffeinated drinks in this amount , but exclude grapefruit , seville orange , or starfruit ( carambola ) juices . you should continue to drink at least 1 . 5 to 2 litres of water on the day you start venclyxto . drink the same amount of water ( at least 1 . 5 to 2 litres daily ) two days before and on the day that your dose is increased . if your doctor thinks that you are at risk of tls , you may be treated in the hospital so that you can be given extra fluids into the vein if needed , have your blood tests more often and be checked for side effects . this is to see if you can continue to take this medicine safely . if you take more venclyxto than you should if you take more venclyxto than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse or go to hospital immediately . take the tablets and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take venclyxto if it is less than 8 hours since the time you usually take your dose , take it as soon as possible . if it is more than 8 hours since the time you usually take your dose , do not take the dose that day . return to your normal dose schedule the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . do not stop taking venclyxto do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
covid - 19 vaccine moderna will be given to you as two 0 . 5 ml injections . it is recommended to administer the second dose of the same vaccine 28 days after the first dose to complete the vaccination course . your doctor , pharmacist or nurse will inject the vaccine into a muscle ( intramuscular injection ) in your upper arm . during and after each injection of the vaccine , your doctor , pharmacist or nurse will watch over you for around 15 minutes to monitor for signs of an allergic reaction . if you miss an appointment for your 2nd dose of covid - 19 vaccine moderna - if you miss an appointment , arrange another visit as soon as possible with you doctor , nurse , or pharmacist . - if you miss a scheduled injection , you may not be fully protected against covid - 19 . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take siklos exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dose your doctor will tell you how much of siklos to take each day and will describe the dose in whole , half or quarter tablets . the prescribed dose of siklos must be taken once daily , preferably in the morning before breakfast . it can be taken with a glass of water or a very small amount of food . if you cannot swallow the tablets , you can disintegrate them in water immediately before use : place the required dose ( preferably broken if siklos 1000 mg tablet is used ) in a teaspoon and add some water . as soon as the tablet is disintegrated , swallow the content of the teaspoon . you can add a drop of syrup or mix the content with food to mask a possible bitter taste . then drink a large glass of water or any other drink . handling siklos is a cytotoxic medicine that must be handled with care . any person , in particular pregnant women , who are not taking siklos should avoid direct contact with the parts when breaking a tablet . wash your hands before and after contact with the tablets . in case the prescribed dose requires breaking the tablet in halves or quarters , this should be done out of the reach of food . powder spilled from the broken tablet should be wiped up with a damp disposable towel which must be thrown out . for the storage of unused broken tablets , see section 5 " how to store siklos ". treatment follow - up your doctor will tell you how long to take siklos . when taking siklos you will have regular blood tests and check your liver and kidney . depending on the dose you take , these tests may be performed monthly or every two months . depending on these results your doctor will adjust your dose of siklos . if you take more siklos than you should if you take more siklos than you should or if a child has taken any , contact your doctor or the nearest hospital immediately as you may need urgent medical treatment . the most common symptoms of overdose with siklos are : - redness of the skin , - soreness ( touch is painful ) and swelling of the palms of hands and soles of feet followed by the hands and feet becoming scaly , - skin becoming strongly pigmented ( locally changes of colour ), - soreness or swelling in the mouth . if you forget to take siklos do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . continue as normal when it is time to take the next dose as prescribed by your doctor . if you stop taking siklos do not stop your treatment unless advised by your doctor . if you have any further question on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the amount of brinavess you may be given will depend on your weight . the recommended initial dose is 3 mg / kg , with a maximum calculated dose based upon 113 kg . if you weigh more than 113 kg , you will receive a fixed dose of 339 mg . while you are being given brinavess , your breathing , heart beat , blood pressure and the electrical activity of your heart will be checked . if your heart beat has not returned to normal 15 minutes after the end of your first dose , you may be given a second dose . this will be a slightly lower dose of 2 mg / kg , with a maximum calculated dose based upon 113 kg . if you weigh more than 113 kg , you will receive a fixed dose of 226 mg . total doses of greater than 5 mg / kg should not be administered within 24 hours . brinavess will be given to you by a health care professional . brinavess will be diluted before being given to you . information on how to prepare the solution is available at the end of this leaflet . it will be given to you into your vein over 10 minutes . if you are given more brinavess than you should if you think that you may have been given too much brinavess , tell your doctor straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use alisade exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . alisade has virtually no taste or smell . it is sprayed into the nose as a fine mist . be careful not to get any spray into your eyes . if you do , rinse your eyes with water . when to use alisade use once a day use at the same time each day . this will treat your symptoms throughout the day and night . how long alisade takes to work some people will not feel the full effects until several days after first using alisade . however , it is usually effective within 8 to 24 hours of use . how much to use adults and children 12 years and over the usual starting dose is 2 sprays in each nostril once every day . once symptoms are controlled you may be able to decrease your dose to 1 spray in each nostril , once every day . children 6 to 11 years the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . if symptoms are very bad your doctor may increase the dose to 2 sprays in each nostril once every day until the symptoms are under control . it may then be possible for the dose to be reduced to 1 spray in each nostril once every day . do not use in children under 6 years old . how to use the nasal spray there is a step - by - step guide to using the nasal spray after section 6 of this leaflet . follow the guide carefully to get full benefit from using alisade see step - by - step guide to using the nasal spray , after section 6 . if you use more alisade than you should talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use alisadeif you miss a dose , take it when you remember . if it is nearly the time for your next dose , wait until then . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , or if you have any discomfort using the nasal spray ask your doctor or pharmacist .
duration and frequency of treatment patients with newly diagnosed acute promyelocytic leukaemia your doctor will give you arsenic trioxide mylan once every day as an infusion . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 60 days at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if your disease responds to arsenic trioxide mylan , you will be given 4 additional treatment cycles . each cycle consists of 20 doses given 5 days per week ( followed by 2 days interruption ) for 4 weeks followed by 4 weeks interruption . your doctor will decide exactly how long you must continue on therapy with arsenic trioxide mylan . patients with acute promyelocytic leukaemia , whose disease has not responded to other therapies your doctor will give you arsenic trioxide mylan once every day as an infusion . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 50 days at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if your disease responds to arsenic trioxide mylan , you will be given a second treatment cycle of 25 doses given 5 days per week ( followed by 2 days interruption ) for 5 weeks . your doctor will decide exactly how long you must continue on therapy with arsenic trioxide mylan . method and route of administration arsenic trioxide mylan must be diluted with a solution containing glucose or a solution containing sodium chloride . arsenic trioxide mylan is normally given by a doctor or a nurse . it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein over 1 - 2 hours , but the infusion may last longer if side effects like flushing and dizziness occur . arsenic trioxide mylan must not be mixed with or infused through the same tube with other medicines . if your doctor or nurse gives you more arsenic trioxide mylan than he / she should you may experience convulsions , muscle weakness and confusion . if this happens , treatment with arsenic trioxide mylan must be stopped immediately and your doctor will treat the arsenic overdose . if you have any further question on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine cipla tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of olanzapine cipla is between 5 and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking olanzapine cipla unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your olanzapine cipla tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . olanzapine cipla coated tablets are for oral use . you should swallow the olanzapine cipla tablets whole with water . if you take more olanzapine cipla than you should patients who have taken more olanzapine cipla than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may be : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take olanzapine cipla take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking olanzapine cipla do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking olanzapine cipla for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking olanzapine cipla , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much onpattro is given your doctor will work out how much onpattro to give you this will depend on your body weight . the usual dose of onpattro is 300 micrograms per kilogram ( kg ) of body weight given once every 3 weeks . how onpattro is given onpattro will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein (' intravenous infusion ') usually over about 80 minutes . if you do not have problems with your infusions in the clinic , your doctor may talk with you about a healthcare professional giving you your infusions at home . medicines given during treatment with onpattro before each infusion of onpattro , you will be given medicines that help to lower the risk of infusion - related reactions . these include anti - histamines , a corticosteroid ( a medicine that suppresses inflammation ), and a pain reliever . how long to use onpattro your doctor will tell you how long you need to receive onpattro . do not stop treatment with onpattro unless your doctor tells you to . if you are given more onpattro than you should receive this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an overdose ) your doctor or nurse will check you for side effects . if you miss your dose of onpattro if you miss an appointment to have onpattro , ask your doctor or nurse when to book your next treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
duration and frequency of treatment patients with newly diagnosed acute promyelocytic leukaemia your doctor will give you arsenic trioxide accord once every day as an infusion . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 60 days at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if your disease responds to arsenic trioxide accord , you will be given 4 additional treatment cycles of 20 doses given 5 days per week ( followed by 2 days interruption ) for 4 weeks followed by 4 weeks interruption . your doctor will decide exactly how long you must continue on therapy with arsenic trioxide accord . patients with acute promyelocytic leukaemia , whose disease has not responded to other therapies your doctor will give you arsenic trioxide accord once every day as an infusion . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 50 days at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if your disease responds to arsenic trioxide accord , you will be given a second treatment cycle of 25 doses given 5 days per week ( followed by 2 days interruption ) for 5 weeks . your doctor will decide exactly how long you must continue on therapy with arsenic trioxide accord . method and route of administration arsenic trioxide accord must be diluted with a solution containing glucose or a solution containing sodium chloride . arsenic trioxide accord is normally given by a doctor or a nurse . it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein over 1 - 2 hours , but the infusion may last longer if side effects like flushing and dizziness occur . arsenic trioxide accord must not be mixed with , or infused through the same tube with other medicines . if your doctor gives you more arsenic trioxide accord than he / she should you may experience convulsions , muscle weakness and confusion . if this happens , treatment with arsenic trioxide accord must be stopped immediately and your doctor will treat the arsenic overdose . if you have any further question on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
after reconstitution , respreeza is given by infusion into a vein . a healthcare professional experienced in the treatment of alpha1 - proteinase inhibitor deficiency will supervise the first infusions . home treatment / self - administration after the first infusions , you or your caregiver might also administer respreeza , but only after receiving adequate training . if your doctor decides that you are suitable for such home - treatment / self - administration , he or she will instruct you in : how to prepare and give this medicine ( see the illustrated instructions at the end of this leaflet in " information for health - care professionals and for patients suitable for home - treatment / self - administration "), how to keep the product sterile ( aseptic infusion techniques ), how to keep a treatment diary , how to identify side effects , including signs of allergic reactions , and measures to be taken in case such effects occur ( see also section 2 and section 4 ). your doctor or your healthcare professional will regularly review your / your caregiver ' s infusion technique to ensure continued appropriate handling . dose the amount of respreeza you are given is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 mg per kg of body weight and should be administered once per week . the infusion solution is normally given over about 15 minutes ( about 0 . 08 ml of solution per kg body weight each min ). your doctor will determine the appropriate infusion rate for you by taking into account your weight and your tolerability to infusion . if you use more respreeza than you should consequences of an overdose are unknown . tell your doctor or healthcare professional if you think you have used more respreeza as you should . he or she will take the appropriate measures . if you forget to use respreeza proceed with your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor or healthcare professional . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using respreeza do no stop using this medicine without consulting your doctor or healthcare professional . if treatment with respreeza is stopped , your condition may worsen .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of tegsedi is one dose of 284 mg inotersen . doses should be administered once every week . all subsequent doses should be injected once weekly on the same day each week . route and method of administration tegsedi is for injection under the skin ( subcutaneous use ) only . instructions for use before using your pre - filled syringe , your doctor should show you or your caregiver how to use it the right way . if you or your caregiver have any questions , ask your doctor . read the instructions for use before you start using your pre - filled syringe and each time you get a repeat prescription . there may be new information . guide to parts each pre - filled syringe contains one dose and is for one - time use only . before use plunger finger grip safety spring ( inside body ) body needle cap needle inspection area after use after use , the safety spring is automatically activated and retracts the needle . warnings do not remove needle cap until you have reached step 6 of these instructions and are ready to inject tegsedi ; do not share your syringe with another person or re - use your syringe ; do not use if the pre - filled syringe is dropped onto a hard surface or is damaged ; do not freeze the pre - filled syringe ; if any of the above happens , throw away the pre - filled syringe in a puncture - resistant ( sharps ) container and use a new pre - filled syringe . preparation 1 . gather supplies - 1 pre - filled syringe from the refrigerator - 1 alcohol wipe ( not supplied ) - 1 gauze pad or cotton ball ( not supplied ) - 1 puncture - resistant ( sharps ) container ( not supplied ) do not inject the medicine until you have gathered the supplies listed . 2 . prepare to use your pre - filled syringe remove the plastic tray from the carton and check the expiry date . do not use if the expiry date has passed . let the pre - filled syringe reach room temperature ( 20 to 25 ) for 30 minutes before injecting it . do not warm the pre - filled syringe in any other way . for example , do not warm in a microwave or hot water , or near other heat sources . remove the pre - filled syringe from the tray by holding onto the syringe body . do not move the plunger . 3 . check medicine in the pre - filled syringe look in the inspection area to check that the solution is clear and colourless or pale yellow . it is normal to see air bubbles in the solution . you do not need to do anything about it . do not use if the solution looks cloudy , discoloured , or has particles . if the solution looks cloudy , discoloured or has particles , throw the pre - filled syringe away in a puncture resistant ( sharps ) container , and use a new pre - filled syringe . 4 . choose the injection site choose an injection site on your abdomen ( belly ) or the front of your thigh . the injection site may also be on the outer area of the upper arm if tegsedi is administered by a caregiver . do not inject into the 3cm area around the belly - button ( navel ). do not inject into the same site each time . do not inject where skin is bruised , tender , red or hard . do not inject into tattoos , scars or damaged skin . do not inject through clothing . 5 . clean the injection site wash your hands with soap and water . clean the injection site with an alcohol wipe in a circular motion . let the skin air dry . do not touch the area again before injecting . injection 6 . remove the needle cap hold the pre - filled syringe by the body , with the needle facing away from you . remove needle cap by pulling it straight off . do not twist it off . you may see a drop of liquid at the end of the needle . this is normal . keep your hands away from the plunger to avoid pushing the plunger before you are ready to inject . do not remove the needle cap until right before you inject . do not pull the cap off while holding the pre - filled syringe by the plunger . always hold by the body of the syringe . do not let the needle touch any surface . do not remove any air bubbles from the pre - filled syringe . do not put the needle cap back onto the pre - filled syringe . 7 . insert the needle hold the pre - filled syringe in 1 hand . hold the skin around at the injection site as your healthcare provider has instructed you . you should either gently pinch the skin at the injection site or give the injection without pinching the skin . slowly insert the needle into the chosen injection site at a 90 ° angle until it is fully inserted . do not hold the pre - filled syringe by the plunger or push against the plunger to insert the needle . 8 . start the injection slowly and firmly push the plunger all the way down until the medicine is injected . make sure the needle stays fully inserted in the injection site while you are injecting the medicine . it is important to push the plunger all the way down . your pre - filled syringe may make a click sound as you push the plunger down . this is normal . this does not mean that the injection is finished . the plunger can feel stiff towards the end of the injection . you may need to press a little harder on the plunger to make sure you have pushed it as far as it will go . do not let go of the plunger . 9 . push the plunger down push firmly on the plunger at the end of the injection . hold the plunger fully down and wait for 5 seconds . if you let go of the plunger too quickly , you may lose some of the medicine . the plunger will start to lift automatically which means that the plunger has been pushed fully down . press down again if the plunger does not start to lift automatically . slowly and firmly push the plunger down hold the plunger fully down and wait 5 seconds wait 5 seconds 34 10 . complete the injection slowly lift up on the plunger and let the safety spring push the plunger up automatically . the needle should now be retracted safely inside the pre - filled syringe , and the safety mechanism spring visible on the outside of the plunger . when the plunger comes to a stop , your injection is complete . if the plunger does not rise up automatically when you release the pressure , it means the safety spring did not activate and you should push the plunger again but harder . do not pull the plunger up by hand . lift the whole pre - filled syringe straight up . do not try to replace the cap on the retracted needle . do not rub the injection site . disposal and care dispose of the used pre - filled syringe put the used pre - filled syringe in a sharps disposal container right away after use . do not throw away the pre - filled syringe in your household waste . if you use more tegsedi than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist , or go to a hospital emergency department immediately , even if you have no symptoms . if you forget to use tegsedi if you miss your dose of tegsedi , then you should have your next dose as soon as possible , unless the next scheduled dose is within two days , in which case the missed dose should be skipped and the next dose given at the scheduled time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . lift thumb slowly back up 35 if you stop using tegsedi do not stop using tegsedi unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 50 mg . you should not take vizarsin more than once a day . you should take vizarsin about one hour before you plan to have sex . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . if you feel that the effect of vizarsin is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . vizarsin will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . the amount of time vizarsin takes to work varies from person to person , but it normally takes between half an hour and one hour . you may find that vizarsin takes longer to work if you take it with a heavy meal . if vizarsin does not help you to get an erection , or if your erection does not last long enough for you to complete sexual intercourse you should tell your doctor . if you take more vizarsin than you should you may experience an increase in side effects and their severity . doses above 100 mg do not increase the efficacy . you should not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to . contact your doctor if you take more tablets than you should . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . treatment of bleeding your doctor will calculate the dose of this medicine and how frequently you should use it to get the necessary level of factor viii activity in your blood . the doctor should always adjust the dose and the frequency of administration according to your individual needs . how much helixate nexgen you should use and how often you should use it depends on many factors such as : your weight the severity of your haemophilia where the bleed is and how serious it is whether you have inhibitors and how high the inhibitor titre is the factor viii level that is needed . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 20 to 40 iu of octocog alfa per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 3 days . however , in some cases , especially for younger patients , shorter dose intervals or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests it is strongly recommended that appropriate laboratory tests be performed on your plasma at suitable intervals to ensure that adequate factor viii levels have been reached and are maintained . for major surgery in particular , close monitoring of the substitution therapy by means of coagulation analysis must be carried out . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . if bleeding is not controlled if the factor viii level in your plasma fails to reach expected levels , or if bleeding is not controlled after apparently adequate dose , you may have developed factor viii inhibitors . this must be checked by an experienced doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . patients with inhibitors if you have been told by your doctor that you have developed factor viii inhibitors you may need to use a larger amount of this medicine to control bleeding . if this dose does not control your bleeding your doctor may consider giving you an additional product , factor viia concentrate or ( activated ) prothrombin complex concentrate . these treatments should be prescribed by doctors with experience in the care of patients with haemophilia a . speak to your doctor if you would like further information on this . do not increase your dose of medicine you use to control your bleeding without consulting your doctor . duration of treatment your doctor will tell you , how often and at what intervals this medicine is to be administered . usually , the substitution therapy with helixate nexgen is a life - time treatment . how helixate nexgen is given this medicine is intended for injection into a vein over 2 to 5 minutes depending on the total volume and your comfort level and should be used within 3 hours after preparing the solution . how helixate nexgen is prepared for administration use only the items that are provided with each package of this medicine . if these components cannot be used , please contact your doctor . if any component of the package is opened or damaged , do not use it . you must filter the reconstituted product before administration to remove any possible particles in the solution . you are filtering by using the mix2vial adapter . this medicine must not be mixed with other infusion solutions . do not use solutions containing visible particles or that are cloudy . follow the directions given by your doctor closely and use the detailed instructions for reconstitution and administration provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more helixate nexgen than you should no cases of overdose with recombinant coagulation factor viii have been reported . if you have used more helixate nexgen than you should , please inform your doctor . if you forget to use helixate nexgen proceed with your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you want to stop using helixate nexgen do not stop using helixate nexgen without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the usual dose is one vial ( containing 500 mg imipenem , 500 mg cilastatin , and 250 mg relebactam ) every 6 hours . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may lower your dose . it is given as a drip directly into a vein (' intravenous infusion '). the infusion will last 30 minutes . the course of treatment usually lasts from 5 up to 14 days , depending on the type of infection you have and how you respond to treatment . if you are given more recarbrio than you should recarbrio will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse , so it is unlikely you will be given the wrong dose . if you think you have been given too much recarbrio , tell your doctor or nurse right away . if you miss a dose of recarbrio tell your doctor or nurse right away if you think you were not given your dose of recarbrio . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of leflunomide medac is 100 mg once daily for the first three days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 10 to 20 mg leflunomide medac once daily , depending on the severity of the disease . for psoriatic arthritis : 20 mg leflunomide medac once daily . swallow the tablet whole and with plenty of water . it may take about 4 weeks or longer until you start to feel an improvement in your condition . some patients may even still feel further improvements after 4 to 6 months of therapy . you will normally take leflunomide medac over long periods of time . if you take more leflunomide medac than you should if you take more leflunomide medac than you should , contact your doctor or get other medical advice . if possible , take your tablets or the box with you to show the doctor . if you forget to take leflunomide medac if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember , unless it is nearly time for your next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
enhertu will be given to you in a hospital or clinic : the recommended dose of enhertu is 5 . 4 mg for every kilogram of your weight , every 3 weeks . your doctor or nurse will give you enhertu by infusion ( drip ) into your vein . your first infusion will be given over 90 minutes . if this goes well , the infusion on your next visits may be given over 30 minutes . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you get infusion - related symptoms , your doctor or nurse may slow down your infusion or interrupt or stop your treatment . before and during treatment with enhertu , your doctor will carry out tests that may include : - blood tests to check your blood cells , liver and kidneys - testing to check your heart and lungs . your doctor may lower your dose , or temporarily or permanently stop your treatment depending on your side effects . if you miss an appointment to get enhertu contact your doctor right away to reschedule your appointment . it is very important that you do not miss a dose of this medicine . if you stop receiving enhertu do not stop treatment with enhertu without checking with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the dose is measured in ' lipase units '. your doctor will adjust your dose which will depend on : the severity of your illness , how much fat is in your stools , your diet , your weight . how much enzepi to take infants ( below 1 year of age ) the recommended starting dose for infants below 1 year of age is 5 , 000 lipase units per 120 ml of formula milk or breast - milk . children ( between 1 and 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose for children between 1 and 4 years of age is 1 , 000 lipase units per kg of body weight with each meal . children ( over 4 years of age ), adolescents and adults ( including elderly ) the recommended starting dose for children over 4 years of age , adolescents ( 12 to 18 years ) and adults is 500 lipase units per kg of body weight per meal . if your doctor advises you to increase the number of capsules you take each day , you should do so slowly over several days . if you still have fatty stools ( smelly , loose , oily , pale stools ) or other stomach or gut problems ( gastrointestinal symptoms ), talk to your doctor as your dose may need to be adjusted again . do not take more capsules in a day than the amount your doctor has told you ( total daily dose ). depending on what strength of enzepi you take , your doctor will tell you how many capsules you need to take with each meal or snack . your total daily dose should not exceed 2 , 500 lipase units per kg of body weight per meal ( or 10 , 000 lipase units per kg of body weight per day ). how to take enzepi children ( over 1 year of age ), adolescents and adults enzepi should always be taken with a meal or snack . the capsules should be swallowed whole and take them with a drink of water or juice . if you or your child eat a lot of meals or snacks in a day , be careful not to go over your total daily dose of enzepi . if you or your child have trouble swallowing enzepi capsules , open carefully the capsules and sprinkle the contents ( granules ) on a small amount of acidic food such as fruit puree ( apple / pear ), yoghurt , or juice ( orange / pineapple / apple ). do not mix the enzepi granules with water , milk , breast - milk , formula feeds , flavoured milk or hot food . ask your doctor about other foods you can sprinkle enzepi granules on . if you sprinkle the enzepi granules on food , swallow the mixture or give it to your child straight after you have mixed it , followed by a drink of water or juice . make sure the medicine and food mixture is swallowed completely and that no granules are left in your or your child ' s mouth . do not store enzepi that has been sprinkled on food . enzepi capsules or the granules inside them should not be crushed or chewed and the capsules or the granules inside them should not be held in your or your child ' s mouth . crushing , chewing or holding the enzepi capsules in your or your child ' s mouth may cause irritation in your or your child ' s mouth or change the way enzepi works in your or your child ' s body . infants ( below 1 year of age ) for infants below 1 year of age , give enzepi just before each feed of formula or breast - milk . do not sprinkle the capsule contents directly into the formula or breast - milk . carefully open the capsule and empty the granules on a small amount of acidic food ( see above ). if you sprinkle the enzepi granules on food , give the medicine and food mixture to your child right away and do not store enzepi that is sprinkled on food . your child should take all the food mixture and should then drink enough liquid straight after to wash down all the medicine . you may also sprinkle the granules directly into your child ' s mouth . immediately give them milk , formula or breast - milk to drink to ensure the granules are completely swallowed and none remain in your child ' s mouth . look into your child ' s mouth to make sure that all the medicine has been swallowed . if you take more enzepi than you should if you take more enzepi than you should drink plenty of water and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take enzepi do not take a double dose or extra capsules to make up for a forgotten dose . wait until your next meal , and take your usual number of capsules with your meal . if you stop taking enzepi keep taking your medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . many patients will need to take pancreatic enzyme replacement medicines for the rest of their life . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . explain how to use baqsimi to your family , friends , co - workers or care - giver . they will need to know how to use it before you need it . baqsimi is given as a single 3 mg dose . instructions for giving baqsimi 1 . remove the shrink wrap by pulling on the red stripe . 2 . open the lid and remove the single - dose container from the tube . caution : do not press the plunger before insertion into the nose , otherwise the single dose in the single - dose container will be lost . giving the dose 1 . hold the single - dose container between fingers and thumb . do not test before use as it contains only one dose of glucagon and cannot be reused . 2 . insert the tip gently into a nostril until the finger touches the outside of the nose . 3 . push the plunger all the way in with your thumb . the dose is complete when the green line no longer shows on the plunger . 4 . if the person with the low blood sugar is unconscious , turn the person to their side to prevent choking . 5 . after giving the dose , call for medical help right away . 6 . encourage the person with the low blood sugar to eat as soon as possible . a high sugar snack will stop another fall in blood sugar level . read the " instructions for use " carefully before using baqsimi . if you are given more baqsimi than you should too much baqsimi may cause nausea and vomiting . it may also raise your blood pressure and pulse rate . specific treatment is not usually necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you have not noticed any treatment effect after 3 months , tell your doctor who will decide whether you should continue treatment . use aimovig exactly as prescribed by your doctor . if your doctor prescribes the 70 mg dose you should have one injection once every 4 weeks . if your doctor prescribes the 140 mg dose you should have either one injection of aimovig 140 mg or two injections of aimovig 70 mg once every 4 weeks . if you are having two injections of aimovig 70 mg , the second injection must be given immediately after the first one at a different injection site . make sure that you inject the entire contents of both syringes . aimovig is given as an injection under your skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). you or your caregiver can give the injection into your abdomen or your thigh . the outer area of your upper arm can also be used as an injection site , but only if someone else is giving you the injection . if you need 2 injections , they should be given in different sites to avoid hardening of the skin and should not be given into areas where the skin is tender , bruised , red or hard . your doctor or nurse will give you or your caregiver training in the right way to prepare and inject aimovig . do not try to inject aimovig until this training has been given . aimovig syringes are for single use only . for detailed instructions on how to inject aimovig , see " instructions for use of aimovig pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . if you use more aimovig than you should if you have received more aimovig than you should or if the dose has been given earlier than it should have been , tell your doctor . if you forget to use aimovig - if you forget an aimovig dose , take it as soon as possible after you realise . - then contact your doctor , who will tell you when you should schedule your next dose . follow the new schedule exactly as your doctor has told you . if you stop using aimovig do not stop using aimovig without talking to your doctor first . your symptoms may return if you stop the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . halimatoz is available as a 40 mg pen as well as 20 mg and 40 mg pre - filled syringes for patients to administer a full 20 mg or 40 mg dose . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children , adolescents and adults from 6 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable 87 paediatric crohn ' s disease age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescent from 6 to 17 years of age weighing 40 kg or more first dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg every other week starting two weeks later . if a faster response is required your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day or two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ), followed by 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg every other week starting two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 20 mg every week . paediatric non - infectious uveitis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 80 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 40 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose . method and route of administration halimatoz is administered by injection under the skin ( by subcutaneous injection ). detailed instructions on how to inject halimatoz are provided in section 7 , " instructions for use ". if you use more halimatoz than you should if you accidentally inject halimatoz more frequently than you should , call your doctor or pharmacist and explain that your child has received more medication than required . always take the outer carton of medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to use halimatoz if you forget to give your child an injection , you should inject the next dose of halimatoz as soon as you remember . then take your child ' s next dose as you would have on the originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if you stop using halimatoz the decision to stop using halimatoz should be discussed with your child ' s doctor . the symptoms may return upon stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with aubagio will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one film - coated tablet ( 14 mg ) daily . route / method of administration aubagio is for oral use . aubagio is taken every day as a single daily dose at any time of the day . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . aubagio may be taken with or without food . if you take more aubagio than you should if you have taken too much aubagio , call your doctor straight away . you may experience side effects similar to those described in section 4 below . if you forget to take aubagio do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . take your next dose at the scheduled time . if you stop taking aubagio do not stop taking aubagio or change your dose without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take clopidogrel bms exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 1 tablet of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the usual dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel bms per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel bms for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel bms than you should : contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel bms : if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel bms , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . for the 7 , 14 , 28 and 84 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of clopidogrel bms by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel bms : do not stop the treatment . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
maci must only be implanted by surgeons who have been specifically trained for this kind of surgery . a small amount of blood ( 4 ml ) will be taken by a qualified person for testing . you will need to have two surgical procedures to receive this treatment : 1 . during the first procedure , a sample of healthy cartilage cells ( a biopsy ) will be taken from your joint by arthrotomy or arthroscopy . your surgeon will explain what arthrotomy and athroscopy procedures are . the biopsy will be sent to the cell processing facility . at the cell processing facility , your cartilage cells will be grown aseptically ( free from germs ) in culture , to increase the number of cells , and placed onto a sterile collagen membrane to make maci . 2 . the final maci implant will be sent back to your surgeon . the maci will then be implanted into the cartilage defect in your joint by a second procedure . maci will be secured in place using a fibrin sealant . a fibrin sealant is a type of glue that is made from human blood - clotting proteins . the length of time between your biopsy and the implantation of maci can vary depending on the procedure date and the quality and number of cells in the biopsy . on average this will be 6 weeks , however , cells can also be frozen and held in storage for up to 2 years until a convenient date for surgery is agreed between you and your surgeon . your surgeon will organise the date for implantation . in rare cases the cell processing facility will not be able to produce maci from your cells . if this happens , your surgeon will advise you on the best course of action . your doctor will discuss with you the specific rehabilitation programme that follows your surgery .
the amount of zomarist that people have to take varies depending on their condition . your doctor will tell you exactly the dose of zomarist to take . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one film - coated tablet of either 50 mg / 850 mg or 50 mg / 1000 mg taken twice a day if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . also if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as a sulphonylurea your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower the level of sugar in your blood . when and how to take zomarist - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water , - take one tablet in the morning and the other in the evening with or just after food . taking the tablet just after food will lower the risk of an upset stomach . continue to follow any advice about diet that your doctor has given you . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue with this while you are taking zomarist . if you take more zomarist than you should if you take too many zomarist tablets , or if someone else takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you have to go to a doctor or hospital , take the pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take zomarist if you forget to take a tablet , take it with your next meal unless you are due to take one then anyway . do not take a double dose ( two tablets at once ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking zomarist continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so that it can continue to control your blood sugar . do not stop taking zomarist unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
exparel liposomal will be given to you by your doctor during your surgery . the recommended dose that you will be given will be decided by your doctor . it will depend on the type of pain relief that you need and the part of your body that the medicine will be injected into . it will also depend on the size of the surgical site and your physical condition . exparel liposomal will be given to you as an injection . your doctor will inject exparel liposomal in one of the following places : the site of surgery ; close to the nerves that supply the area of the body that has had surgery . if you are given more exparel liposomal than you should exparel liposomal is intended for use by trained doctors that will check your blood pressure , heart rate , breathing rate , state of consciousness and monitor for any signs that indicate that you have received too much bupivacaine after giving exparel liposomal . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the below side effects after being given exparel liposomal ( see also section 4 of this leaflet ). these are signs of having received too much bupivacaine . fits ( convulsions ); loss of consciousness ; feeling restless or anxious ; difficulty speaking ; feeling dizzy or lightheaded ; feeling or being sick ; numbness and tingling of the mouth and lips ; changes in vision , hearing , or taste ; tremors or twitching ; feeling drowsy , confused or not fully alert ; increased or decreased blood pressure ; increased or decreased heart rate . if you miss a dose of exparel liposomal it is unlikely you will miss a dose . exparel liposomal will be given to you by your doctor only once ( during your surgery ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 5 mg film - coated tablet once daily by mouth . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on your liver function or if you experience itching that is difficult to tolerate . depending on your body ' s response after 6 months your doctor may increase your dose to 10 mg once daily . your doctor will discuss any change of dose with you . you can take ocaliva with or without food . if you take bile acid binding resins , take this medicine at least 4 - 6 hours before or at least 4 - 6 hours after the bile acid binding resin ( see section " other medicines and ocaliva "). if you take more ocaliva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , you may experience liver related side effects such as yellowing of the skin . contact a doctor or go to a hospital for advice immediately . if you forget to take ocaliva skip the missed dose and take your next dose when you would normally take it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking ocaliva you should continue to take ocaliva for as long as your doctor tells you to . do not stop taking the medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of steglujan is one tablet once a day . the dose of steglujan that you take will depend on your condition and the amount of ertugliflozin and sitagliptin needed to control your blood sugar . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet ; if you have difficulties with swallowing the tablet can be broken or crushed . take one tablet every morning . try to take it at the same time ; this will help you remember to take it . you can take your tablet with or without food . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while taking steglujan . if you take more steglujan than you should if you take too much steglujan , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take steglujan if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking steglujan do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor . your blood sugar levels may increase if you stop the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet per day , for treatment courses of up to 3 months each .. if you have been prescribed several courses of esmya 3 - month treatment , you should start each course at the earliest during the second menstrual period following the previous treatment completion . you should always start taking esmya within the first week of your menstrual period . the tablet should be swallowed with water and may be taken with or without food . if you take more esmya than you should experience with esmya when several doses are taken at once is limited . there have been no reports of serious harmful effects from taking several doses of this medicine at once . you should nonetheless ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice if you take more esmya than you should . if you forget to take esmya if you miss a dose by less than 12 hours , take it as soon as you remember . if you miss a dose by more than 12 hours , skip the missed tablet and take only a single tablet as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking esmya esmya is to be taken daily during treatment courses of up to 3 months continuously . during each course of treatment , do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better , as symptoms may re - occur later . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
. other medicines and stayveer please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : cyclosporine a ( a medicine used after transplants and to treat psoriasis ), which must not be used together with stayveer . sirolimus or tacrolimus , which are medicines used after transplants , as these are not recommended to be used together with stayveer . glibenclamide ( a diabetes medicine ), rifampicin ( a tuberculosis medicine ), fluconazole ( a medicine against fungal infections ), ketoconazole ( a medicine used to treat cushing ' s syndrome ), or nevirapine ( an hiv medicine ), as these medicines are not recommended to be used together with stayveer . other medicines for the treatment of hiv infection , which may require special monitoring if used together with stayveer . hormonal contraceptives , which are not effective as the sole method of contraception when you take stayveer . inside your pack of stayveer tablets you will find a patient alert card which you should read carefully . your doctor and / or gynaecologist will establish the contraception which is appropriate for you . other medications for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension : sildenafil and tadalafil ; warfarin ( an anticoagulant agent ); simvastatin ( used to treat hypercholesterolaemia ). driving and using machines stayveer has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . however , stayveer can induce hypotension ( decrease of your blood pressure ) which can make you feel dizzy , affect your vision and affect your ability to drive and use machines . therefore , if you feel dizzy or that your vision is blurred while taking stayveer , do not drive or operate any tools or machines . women of childbearing age do not take stayveer if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . pregnancy tests stayveer may harm unborn babies conceived before starting or during treatment . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , your doctor will ask you to take a pregnancy test before you start taking stayveer , and regularly while you are taking stayveer . contraceptives if it is possible that you could become pregnant , use a reliable form of birth control ( contraception ) while you are taking stayveer . your doctor or gynaecologist will advise you about reliable contraceptive methods while taking stayveer . because stayveer may make hormonal contraception ( e . g ., oral , injection , implant , or skin patches ) ineffective , this method on its own is not reliable . therefore , if you use hormonal contraceptives you must also use a barrier method ( e . g ., female condom , diaphragm , contraceptive sponge , or your partner must also use a condom ). inside your pack of stayveer tablets you will find a patient alert card . you should complete this card and take it to your doctor at your next visit so that your doctor or gynaecologist can assess whether you need additional or alternative reliable contraceptive methods . monthly pregnancy tests are recommended while you are taking stayveer and are of childbearing age . tell your doctor immediately if you become pregnant while you are taking stayveer , or plan to become pregnant in the near future . breast - feeding tell your doctor immediately if you are breast - feeding . you are advised to stop breast - feeding if stayveer is prescribed for you , because it is not known whether this medicine passes into breast milk . fertility if you are a man taking stayveer , it is possible that this medicine may lower your sperm count . it cannot be excluded that this may affect your ability to father a child . talk to your doctor if you have any questions or concerns about this . stayveer contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per tablet , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '. 3 . how to take stayveer treatment with stayveer should only be started and monitored by a doctor who has experience in the treatment of pah or systemic sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . stayveer with food and drink stayveer can be taken with or without food . recommended dose adult the treatment in adults is usually started for the first 4 weeks with 62 . 5 mg twice daily ( morning and evening ), from then your doctor will usually advise you to take a 125 mg tablet twice daily , depending on how you react to stayveer . children and adolescents the dose recommendation in children is only for pah . for children aged 1 year and older , treatment with stayveer is usually started with 2 mg per kg bodyweight twice daily ( morning and evening ). your doctor will advise you on your dosing . if you have the impression that the effect of stayveer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how to take stayveer tablets should be taken ( morning and evening ), swallowed with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more stayveer than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take stayveer if you forget to take stayveer , take a dose as soon as you remember , then continue to take your tablets at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten tablets . if you stop taking stayveer suddenly stopping your treatment with stayveer may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking stayveer unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . exviera tablets do not work on their own . they are always taken with other antiviral medicines such as ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir . your doctor may also give you an antiviral medicine called ribavirin . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet , twice a day . take one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . how to take take the tablets with food . the type of food is not important . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as they may have a bitter taste . how long to take exviera for you will take exviera for 8 , 12 or 24 weeks . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking exviera unless your doctor tells you to . it is very important that you complete the full course of treatment . this will give the medicines the best chance to clear the hepatitis c virus infection . if you take more exviera than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . keep the medicine pack with you so you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take exviera it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose and it is : more than 6 hours until your next dose - take the missed dose with food as soon as possible . less than 6 hours until your next dose - do not take the missed dose , take your next dose as usual with food . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for patients weighing at least 12 . 5 kg is one tablet ( 200 mg ) twice daily ( one tablet every 12 hours ) for 10 days . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . you can take dificlir before , during or after meals . dificlir granules for oral suspension should be used for patients with a body weight of less than 12 . 5 kg . this form of this medicine ( oral suspension ) may also be more suitable for patients above 12 . 5 kg ; ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more dificlir than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should have , talk to a doctor . take the medicine pack with you so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take dificlir take the tablet as soon as you remember , unless it is time for the next dose . in that case , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking dificlir do not stop taking dificlir , unless your doctor has advised you to do so . keep taking this medicine until the course is finished , even if you feel better . if you stop taking this medicine too soon , the infection may come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is two tablets at the same time ( loading dose of 180 mg ). this dose will usually be given to you in the hospital . after this starting dose , the usual dose is one tablet of 90 mg twice a day for up to 12 months unless your doctor tells you differently . take possia around the same time everyday ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will usually also tell you to take acetylsalicylic acid . this is a substance present in many medicines used to prevent blood clotting . your doctor will tell you how much to take ( usually between 75 - 150 mg daily ). how to take possia you can take the tablet with or without food . you can check when you last took a tablet of possia by looking on the blister . there is a sun ( for the morning ) and a moon ( for the evening ). this will tell you whether you have taken the dose . if you take more possia than you should if you take more possia than you should , talk to a doctor or go to hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . you may be at increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take possia if you forget to take a dose , just take your next dose as normal . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for the forgotten dose . if you stop taking possia 32 do not stop taking possia without talking to your doctor . take possia on a regular basis and for as long as your doctor keeps prescribing it . if you stop taking possia , it may increase your chances of having another heart attack or stroke or dying from a disease related to your heart or blood vessels . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
privigen is intended solely for the infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually administered by your doctor or healthcare professional . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you taking into account your weight , the specific circumstances listed under section 2 " warnings and precautions " and response to treatment . the dose calculation for children and young patients is not different from that for adults . at the beginning of the infusion you will receive privigen at a slow infusion rate . if you tolerate this well , your doctor can gradually increase the infusion rate . if you receive more privigen than you should overdose is very unlikely to occur because privigen is usually administered under medical supervision . if , in spite of this , you receive more privigen than you should , your blood may become too thick ( hyperviscous ) which might increase the risk of developing blood clots . this may happen particularly if you are a patient at risk , for example if you are elderly or if you suffer from a heart or kidney disease . tell your doctor if you are known to have medical problems .
before starting the treatment your doctor will determine the amount of her2 in your tumour . only patients with a large amount of her2 will be treated with ontruzant . ontruzant should only be given by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of ontruzant depends on your body weight . ontruzant is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion , " drip "). this intravenous formulation is not for subcutaneous use and should be given as an intravenous infusion only . the first dose of your treatment is given over 90 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes . the number of infusions you receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is ontruzant ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . ontruzant is given every 3 weeks for early breast cancer , metastatic breast cancer and metastatic gastric cancer . ontruzant may also be given once a week for metastatic breast cancer . if you stop using ontruzant do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . all doses should be taken at the right time every week or every three weeks ( depending on your dosing schedule ). this helps your medicine work as well as it can . it may take up to 7 months for ontruzant to be removed from your body . therefore your doctor may decide to continue to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle , preferably in the upper arm or the front of the thigh ( depending on the muscle mass ). children from 3 years of age , adolescents and adults up to 60 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be given . clinical data suggest that a single dose may be sufficient . if a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . elderly above 60 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be given . a second dose of vaccine should be given after an interval of at least 3 weeks . children from 6 months to less than 3 years of age : one half - dose of 0 . 25 ml of the vaccine will be given . if a second dose of 0 . 25 ml is given , this will be administered at least three weeks after the first dose . children below 6 months of age : vaccination is currently not recommended in this age group when humenza is given for the first dose , it is recommended that humenza ( and not another vaccine against h1n1 ) be given for the complete vaccination course .
dose and administration the dose of busulfan will be calculated according to your body weight . in adults : busulfan fresenius kabi in combination with cyclophosphamide : - the recommended dose of busulfan fresenius kabi is 0 . 8 mg / kg − each infusion will last 2 hours − busulfan will be administered every 6 hours during 4 consecutive days prior to transplant . busulfan fresenius kabi in combination with fludarabine − the recommended dose of busulfan is 3 . 2 mg / kg − each infusion will last 3 hours − busulfan will be administered once daily during 2 or 3 consecutive days prior to transplant . in new - born infants , children and adolescents ( 0 to 17 years ): the recommended dose of busulfan fresenius kabi in combination with cyclophosphamide or melphalan is based on your body weight varying between 0 . 8 and 1 . 2 mg / kg . medicines before you receive busulfan fresenius kabi : before receiving busulfan fresenius kabi , you will be medicated with - anticonvulsive medicines to prevent seizures ( phenytoin or benzodiazepines ) and - antiemetic medicines to prevent vomiting .
your doctor will explain to you how lemtrada will be given . ask your doctor if you have any questions . the initial treatment you will receive will consist of one infusion per day for 5 days ( course 1 ) and one infusion per day for 3 days one year later ( course 2 ). there is no lemtrada treatment between the two courses . two treatment courses may reduce ms activity for up to 6 years . some patients , if they have symptoms or signs of ms disease after the initial two courses , may receive one or two additional treatment courses consisting of one infusion per day for 3 days . these additional treatment courses may be adminisitered twelve months or more after the prior treatments . the maximum daily dose is one infusion . lemtrada will be given to you as an infusion into a vein . each infusion will take approximately 4 hours . monitoring for side effects and regular testing must continue for 4 years after the last infusion . to help you better understand the duration of the effects of treatment and the length of required follow - up , please refer to the diagram below . follow - up after treatment with lemtrada once you have received lemtrada , you will need to undergo regular tests to ensure that any potential side effects can be diagnosed and treated promptly . these tests must continue until 4 years after your last infusion and are described in section 4 most important side - effects . if you are given more lemtrada than you should receive 42 patients who were accidentally given too much lemtrada in one infusion have experienced serious reactions , such as headache , rash , low blood pressure or increased heart rate . doses higher than the recommended dose may result in more serious or longer lasting infusion reactions ( see section 4 ) or a stronger effect on the immune system . the treatment consists of stopping lemtrada administration and treating the symptoms . missed lemtrada doses it is unlikely that your dose would be missed since it is administered by a health care professional . nevertheless , please note that in case of missed dose , this should not be given on the same day as a scheduled dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take when you first start taking otezla , you will receive a ' treatment initiation pack ' which contains all the doses as listed in the table below . the ' treatment initiation pack ' is clearly labelled to make sure you take the correct tablet at the correct time . your treatment will start at a lower dose and will gradually be increased over the first 6 days of treatment . the ' treatment initiation pack ' will also contain enough tablets for another 8 days at the recommended dose ( days 7 to 14 ). the recommended dose of otezla is 30 mg twice a day after the titration phase is complete - one 30 mg dose in the morning and one 30 mg dose in the evening , approximately 12 hours apart , with or without food . this is a total daily dose of 60 mg . by the end of day 6 you will have reached this recommended dose . once the recommended dose has been reached , you will only get the 30 mg tablet strength in your prescribed packs . you will only ever need to go through this stage of gradually increasing your dose once even if you re - start treatment . people with severe kidney problems if you have severe kidney problems then the recommended dose of otezla is 30 mg once a day ( morning dose ). your doctor will talk to you about how to increase your dose when you first start taking otezla . how and when to take otezla otezla is for oral use . swallow the tablets whole , preferably with water . you can take the tablets either with or without food . take otezla at about the same time each day , one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if your condition has not improved after six months of treatment , you should talk to your doctor . if you take more otezla than you should if you take more otezla than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take otezla if you miss a dose of otezla , take it as soon as you remember . if it is close to the time for your next dose , just skip the missed dose . take the next dose at your regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . day morning dose evening dose total daily dose day 1 10 mg ( pink ) do not take a dose 10 mg day 2 10 mg ( pink ) 10 mg ( pink ) 20 mg day 3 10 mg ( pink ) 20 mg ( brown ) 30 mg day 4 20 mg ( brown ) 20 mg ( brown ) 40 mg day 5 20 mg ( brown ) 30 mg ( beige ) 50 mg day 6 onwards 30 mg ( beige ) 30 mg ( beige ) 60 mg 38 if you stop taking otezla you should continue taking otezla until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop taking otezla without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . you must take rezolsta every day and always with food . rezolsta cannot work properly without food . you must eat a meal or a snack within 30 minutes prior to taking your rezolsta . the type of food is not important . - swallow the tablet whole with a drink such as water or milk . if you have difficulty swallowing rezolsta , tell your doctor . the tablet may be split using a tablet - cutter . after splitting the tablet , the entire dose ( both halves ) should then be taken right away with a drink such as water or milk . - take your other hiv medicines used in combination with rezolsta as recommended by your doctor . removing the child resistant cap the plastic bottle comes with a child resistant cap and must be opened as follows : - push the plastic screw cap down while turning it counter clockwise . - remove the unscrewed cap . if you take more rezolsta than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take rezolsta if you notice within 12 hours , you must take the tablet immediately . always take with food . if you notice after 12 hours , then skip the intake and take the next doses as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking rezolsta if you vomit within 4 hours of taking the medicine , another dose of rezolsta should be taken with food as soon as possible . if you vomit more than 4 hours after taking the medicine , then you do not need to take another dose of rezolsta until the next regularly scheduled time . contact your doctor if you are uncertain about what to do if you miss a dose or vomit . do not stop taking rezolsta without talking to your doctor first after therapy has started , it must not be stopped without instruction of the doctor . anti - hiv medicines may make you feel better . even when you feel better , do not stop taking rezolsta . talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale xoterna breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( xoterna breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new xoterna breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler ineach pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of xoterna breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to vomit , or you may notice visual disturbances , feel constipated or have difficulty when passing urine . if you forget to use xoterna breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . how long to continue your treatment with xoterna breezhaler keep using xoterna breezhaler for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . he / she will base the dose on your serum phosphate level . the recommended starting dose of tasermity for adults and the elderly (> 65 years ) is one or two tablets with each meal 3 times a day . initially your doctor will check the levels of phosphate in your blood every 2 - 3 weeks and may adjust the dose of tasermity when necessary ( between 1 and 5 tablets of 800 mg per meal ) to reach an adequate phosphate level . the tablets must be swallowed whole . do not crush , chew or break into pieces prior to swallowing . patients taking tasermity should adhere to their prescribed diet and liquid intake . if you take more tasermity than you should in the event of a possible overdose you should contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tasermity if you have missed one dose , this dose should be omitted and the next dose should be taken at the usual time with a meal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
this medicine is for hospital use only . your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine by injection or infusion into a vein . your doctor or nurse will work out the dose of this medicine that you need . this is based on the specific anticoagulant medicine you take as well as on the dose and the time since your last dose of anticoagulant medicine . after you have received ondexxya , your doctor will decide when to restart your anticoagulant treatment . detailed instructions for your doctor or nurse on how to give ondexxya are given at the end of this package leaflet ( see ' handling instructions '). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . how is nivestim given and how much should i take ? nivestim is usually given as a daily injection into the tissue just under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). the usual dose varies depending on your illness and weight . your doctor will tell you how much nivestim you should take . patients having a bone marrow transplant after chemotherapy : you will normally receive your first dose of nivestim at least 24 hours after your chemotherapy and at least 24 hours after receiving your bone marrow transplant . you , or people caring for you , can be taught how to give subcutaneous injections so that you can continue your treatment at home . however , you should not attempt this unless you have been properly trained first by your healthcare provider . how long will i have to take nivestim ? you will need to take nivestim until your white blood cell count is normal . regular blood tests will be taken to monitor the number of white blood cells in your body . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take nivestim . use in children nivestim is used to treat children who are receiving chemotherapy or who suffer from severe low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ). the dosing in children receiving chemotherapy is the same as for adults . if you use more nivestim than you should do not increase the dose your doctor has given you . if you think you have injected more than you should , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use nivestim if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , contact your doctor as soon as possible . do not take a double dose to make up for any missed doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
vectibix will be administered in a healthcare facility under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . vectibix is administered intravenously ( into a vein ) with an infusion pump ( a device that gives a slow injection ). the recommended dose of vectibix is 6 mg / kg ( milligrams per kilogram of body weight ) given once every two weeks . the treatment will usually be given over a period of approximately 60 minutes .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 500 mg fulvestrant ( two 250 mg / 5 ml injections ) given once a month , with an additional 500 mg dose given 2 weeks after the initial dose . your doctor or nurse will give you fulvestrant mylan as a slow intramuscular injection , one into each of your buttocks . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine gonal - f is intended to be given by injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). the first injection of gonal - f should be given under supervision of your doctor . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject gonal - f before you can inject yourself . if you administer gonal - f to yourself , please carefully read and follow the instructions at the end of this leaflet called " how to prepare and use the gonal - f powder and solution ". how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you will take and how often . the doses described below are stated in international units ( iu ). women if you are not ovulating and have irregular or no periods . gonal - f is usually given every day . if you have irregular periods , start using gonal - f within the first 7 days of your menstrual cycle . if you do not have periods you can start using the medicine on any convenient day . the usual starting dose of gonal - f is 75 to 150 iu each day . your dose of gonal - f may be increased every 7 or every 14 days by 37 . 5 to 75 iu , until you get the desired response . the maximum daily dose of gonal - f is usually not higher than 225 iu . when you get the desired response , you will be given a single injection of 250 micrograms of " recombinant hcg " ( r - hcg , an hcg made in a laboratory by a special dna technique ), or 5 , 000 to 10 , 000 iu of hcg , 24 to 48 hours after your last gonal - f injection . the best time to have sex is on the day of the hcg injection and the day after . if your doctor cannot see a desired response after 4 weeks , that treatment cycle with gonal - f should be stopped . for the following treatment cycle , your doctor will give you a higher starting dose of gonal - f than before . if your body responds too strongly , your treatment will be stopped and you will not be given any hcg ( see section 2 , ohss ). for the following cycle , your doctor will give you a lower dose of gonal - f than before . if you are not ovulating , having no periods and have been diagnosed with very low levels of fsh and lh hormones the usual starting dose of gonal - f is 75 to 150 iu together with 75 iu of lutropin alfa . you will use these two medicines each day for up to five weeks . your dose of gonal - f may be increased every 7 or every 14 days by 37 . 5 to 75 iu , until you get the desired response . when you get the desired response , you will be given a single injection of 250 micrograms of " recombinant hcg " ( r - hcg , an hcg made in a laboratory by a special dna technique ), or 5 , 000 to 10 , 000 iu of hcg , 24 to 48 hours after your last injections of gonal - f and lutropin alfa . the best time to have sex is on the day of the hcg injection and the day after . alternatively , intrauterine insemination may be performed by placing the sperm into the womb cavity . if your doctor cannot see a response after 5 weeks , that treatment cycle with gonal - f should be stopped . for the following cycle , your doctor will give you a higher starting dose of gonal - f than before . if your body responds too strongly , your treatment with gonal - f will be stopped and you will not be given any hcg ( see section 2 , ohss ). for the following cycle , your doctor will give you a lower dose of gonal - f than before . if you need to develop several eggs for collection prior to any assisted reproductive technology the usual starting dose of gonal - f is 150 to 225 iu each day , from day 2 or 3 of your treatment cycle . gonal - f dose may be increased , depending on your response . the maximum daily dose is 450 iu . treatment is continued until your eggs have developed to a desired point . this usually takes about 10 days but can take any time between 5 and 20 days . your doctor will use blood tests and / or an ultrasound machine to check when this is . when your eggs are ready , you will be given a single injection of 250 micrograms " recombinant hcg " ( r - hcg , an hcg made in a laboratory by a special recombinant dna technique ), or 5 , 000 iu to 10 , 000 iu of hcg , 24 to 48 hours after the last gonal - f injection . this gets your eggs ready for collection . in other cases , your doctor may first stop you from ovulating by using a gonadotropin - releasing hormone ( gnrh ) agonist or antagonist . then gonal - f is started approximately two weeks after start of agonist treatment . the gonal - f and gnrh agonist are then both given until your follicles develop as desired . for example , after two weeks of gnrh agonist treatment , 150 to 225 iu gonal - f is administered for 7 days . the dose is then adjusted according to your ovarian response . men the usual dose of gonal - f is 150 iu together with hcg . you will use these two medicines three times a week for at least 4 months . if you have not responded to treatment after 4 months , your doctor may suggest that you continue using these two medicines for at least 18 months . if you use more gonal - f than you should the effects of taking too much gonal - f are unknown . nevertheless , one could expect ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ) to occur , which is described in section 4 . however , the ohss will only occur if hcg is also administered ( see section 2 , ohss ). if you forget to use gonal - f if you forget to use gonal - f , do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please talk to your doctor as soon as you notice that you forgot a dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kadcyla will be given to you by a doctor or nurse in a hospital or clinic : ∑ it is given by a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). ∑ you will be given one infusion every 3 weeks . how much you will be given ∑ you will be given 3 . 6 mg of kadcyla for every kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . ∑ the first infusion will be given to you over 90 minutes . you will be observed by a doctor or nurse while it is being given and for at least 90 minutes following the initial dose , in case you have any side effects . ∑ if the first infusion is well tolerated , the infusion on your next visit may be given over 30 minutes . you will be observed by a doctor or nurse while it is being given and for at least 30 minutes following the dose , in case you have any side effects . ∑ the total number of infusions that you will be given depends on how you respond to the treatment and which indication is treated . ∑ if you experience side effects , your doctor may decide to continue your treatment but lower your dose , delay the next dose or stop the treatment . if you miss a kadcyla treatment if you forget or miss your kadcyla appointment , make another appointment as soon as possible . do not wait until your next planned visit . if you stop kadcyla treatment do not stop treatment with this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure about how to use ionsys or forget your instructions . the recommended dose each dose of ionsys delivers 40 micrograms of fentanyl . you control your own treatment under the guidance of your doctor or nurse in hospital . ionsys only delivers the medicine when you activate it , so you control how much medicine you receive . you can take a dose whenever you need it for your pain , or just before you do an activity that may increase your pain ( such as physical therapy , getting out of bed , etc .). each time you are given a new ionsys you may find you initially need to have more doses to relieve your pain than later on during treatment . duration of treatment each ionsys works for one day ( 24 hours ) and contains 80 doses . ionsys will stop working after one day ( 24 hours ) or after 80 doses have been delivered , whichever one comes first . the green light will switch off and the number of doses delivered will flash on and off . no more doses can be delivered after this and ionsys will be removed by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will remove the ionsys system before you leave hospital . after ionsys has been removed , it may leave small reddish marks at the skin site . this is common , and nothing to worry about . the red area will fade over the next few days to a week . using ionsys do not let your family or friends start ionsys for you . only you know how much pain you are having , and only you should operate ionsys to start a dose of medicine . to make sure you get the correct amount of medicine , press ionsys as soon as you start to feel pain . do not touch the sticky side of ionsys . this side of the system contains material called " gels " which you should not normally come into contact with . swallowing or touching these gels may cause life - threatening breathing difficulties or death , even after you have stopped using the system and it has been removed . do not let these touch your mouth or eyes . if you do accidentally touch the gels on the underside of the system : - alert a nurse or doctor right away - rinse your hands with large amounts of water - do not use soap , alcohol , or other solvents to remove the gels because they may increase the medicine ' s ability to go through the skin . the doctor or nurse will put ionsys on your skin , and take it off or replace it when needed . only let the doctor or nurse place or remove ionsys . - do not take it off or attempt to put it back on yourself . - do not let the ionsys system get wet because it could stop working or fall off . how to use ionsys the doctor or nurse will get ionsys ready to use and attach it to your upper outer arm or chest . the slow blinking green light means ionsys is ready to dose . to start a dose from ionsys , press and release the dosing button twice within 3 seconds . you will know you have started a dose when you hear a beep . - you will know the dose is being delivered when the green light blinks faster . each dose will last for 10 minutes . ionsys will ignore additional button presses during this 10 - minute dosing period . you will know the 10 - minute dosing period is complete when the fast blinking green light becomes slow again . the digital display will show the number of doses that have been delivered . ionsys is ready to be used again and you may start another dose at any time you need it . however , only press the button when you need pain relief . you will hear ionsys beep once each time you start a dose . if it beeps at any other time , or more than once , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . they will check that ionsys is working properly . if you use more ionsys than you should ionsys is designed so that you can ' t use too much , provided that only you operate it , and that only you use it when you need pain relief . if you do use more ionsys than you should then you may experience shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , rapid and shallow breathing , or feeling faint . if you experience any of these symptoms then tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
a doctor experienced in the use of medicines to treat cancer will supervise your treatment . it will be given to you by a doctor or nurse while you are in hospital . it is given into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ) usually by using special tubes ( catheters ) and a pump . during and after the infusion , you will be checked regularly for infusion - related side effects . qarziba will be given to you in five treatment courses of 35 days and the infusion will last 5 or 10 days in the beginning of each course . the recommended dose is 100 mg dinutuximab beta per square metre of body surface per treatment course . the doctor will calculate your body surface area from your height and weight . if your doctor considers co - administration of interleukin - 2 , it will be given twice , by injection under the skin , each time for 5 consecutive days ( before and during treatment with qarziba ).
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule of silodyx 8 mg per day by oral administration . take the capsule always with food , preferably at the same time every day . do not break or chew the capsule , but swallow it whole , preferably with a glass of water . patients with kidney problems if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a different dose . for this purpose silodyx 4 mg hard capsules are available . if you take more silodyx than you should if you have taken more than one capsule , inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you become dizzy or feel weak , tell your doctor straight away . if you forget to take silodyx you may take your capsule later the same day if you have forgotten to take it earlier . if it is almost time for the next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten capsule . if you stop taking silodyx if you stop treatment , your symptoms may re - appear . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for typer 1 gaucher disease : for adults the usual dose is one 22 capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 12 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 600 mg ). for children less than 12 years old , your doctor will adjust the dose for niemann - pick type c disease . if you have a problem with your kidneys you may receive a lower starting dose . your doctor may reduce your dose , e . g ., to one capsule ( 100 mg ) once or twice a day , if you suffer from diarrhoea when taking miglustat dipharma ( see section 4 ). your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . miglustat dipharma can be taken with or without food . you should swallow the whole capsule with a glass of water . if you take more miglustat dipharma than you should if you take more capsules than you were told to , consult your doctor immediately . miglustat has been used in clinical trials at doses ten times higher than the recommended dose : this caused decreases in white blood cells and other side effects similar to those described in section 4 . if you forget to take miglustat dipharma do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next capsule at the usual time . if you stop taking miglustat dipharma do not stop taking miglustat dipharma without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the test will take about 45 minutes . a supply of drinking water will be needed . it is recommended that the breath test is performed while you are in a seated position . you must not smoke before or during the test . the test procedure involves the following steps : ( a brief form of these instructions is included on the back of the analysis request form ) 1 . fasting : you should fast for 4 hours before taking the test ( see section 2 taking pylobactell with food and drink ) 19 2 . test meal : drink the recommended test meal . this is not included in this kit but may have been supplied separately . if no test meal has been supplied , the most suitable test meal is 200 ml of pure undiluted orange juice . if you cannot take the recommended test meal , an alternative test meal should be taken . your doctor will advise you . 3 . wait 5 minutes 4 . pre - test breath samples ( 3 white capped tubes ) i . remove the cap from the tube ii . breathe out through your mouth , using a straw , into the sample tube . iii . gradually remove the straw from the tube as you breathe out . iv . immediately replace the cap . v . repeat with remaining white capped tubes . it is not necessary to blow hard into the tubes , just breathe normally and cap them quickly . try to avoid getting saliva in the tubes . 5 . preparing the 13carbon - urea solution open the tablet sachet and empty the tablet into the mixer vial . add water to the mark on the vial and replace the cap . gently shake the vial to dissolve the tablet . drink the solution . note the time upon drinking . fill the vial to the mark again with water and drink . 6 . wait 30 minutes from the time of drinking the pylobactell 13c - urea solution . do not smoke , eat or drink during this time . this is important for the proper functioning of the test . 7 . post - test breath samples ( 3 red capped tubes ) using the red - capped , take samples of your breath as before ( see step 4 ). 8 . analysis request form fill out the analysis request form with patient details on the left hand side of the form and the doctor ' s name and address on the right hand side . 9 . test is now complete put your breath samples and the completed analysis request form back into the carton and send to the address supplied by your doctor . your doctor will tell you when the results of your test will be available and who to contact for these results . dispose of the empty sachet , mixing vial and straws as normal waste , but keep this leaflet for reference . if a repeat test is required , it should not be carried out until the following day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken twice daily . if necessary your doctor may tell you to take a different dose . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , which may need to be given as separate tablets of pioglitazone and metformin . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you may take your tablets with or just after food to reduce the chance of an upset stomach . if you are following a special diet for diabetes , you should continue with this while you are taking glubrava . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with glubrava . this is to check that your liver is working normally . at least once a year ( more often if you are elderly or have kidney problems ) your doctor will check that your kidneys are working normally . if you take more glubrava than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take glubrava take glubrava daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , skip the missed dose and just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking glubrava glubrava should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using glubrava , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine ask your doctor or pharmacist .
rheumatoid arthritis the usual dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how zessly is given zessly will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for infusion . the medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) over a 2 hours into one of your veins , usually in your arm . after the third treatment , your doctor may decide to give your dose of zessly over 1 hour . you will be monitored while you are given zessly and also for 1 to 2 hours afterwards . how much zessly is given the doctor will decide your dose and how often you will be given zessly . this will depend on your disease , weight and how well you respond to zessly . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . 2nd dose 2 weeks after your 1st treatment 3rd dose 6 weeks after your 1st treatment further doses every 6 to 8 weeks depending on your disease use in children and adolescents zessly should only be used in children if they are being treated for crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis . these children must be 6 years of age or older . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . there are no known side effects of having too much of zessly . if you forget or miss your zessly infusion if you forget or miss an appointment to receive zessly , make another appointment as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take sabervel exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration sabervel is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take sabervel with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take sabervel until your doctor tells you otherwise . patients with high blood pressure the usual dose is 150 mg once a day . the dose may later be increased to 300 mg once daily depending on blood pressure response . patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes , 300 mg once daily is the preferred maintenance dose for the treatment of associated kidney disease . the doctor may advise a lower dose , especially when starting treatment in certain patients such as those on haemodialysis , or those over the age of 75 years . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 4 - 6 weeks after beginning treatment . if you take more sabervel than you should : if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . children should not take sabervel sabervel should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take sabervel : if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olazax disperzi tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of olazax disperzi is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking olazax disperzi unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your olazax disperzi tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . olazax disperzi tablets are for oral use . put the tablet in your mouth . it will dissolve directly in your mouth , so it can be easily swallowed . you can also place the tablet in a full glass or cup of water orange juice , apple juice , milk or coffee , and stir . drink it straight away . if you take more olazax disperzi than you should patients who have taken more olazax disperzi than they should , have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may be : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take olazax disperzi take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking olazax disperzi do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking olazax disperzi for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking olazax disperzi , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
nyvepria is for use in adults aged 18 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . injecting nyvepria yourself your doctor may decide that you can inject nyvepria yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject it yourself . do not try to inject it yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject nyvepria , read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not shake nyvepria vigorously as this may affect its activity . if you use more nyvepria than you should if you use more nyvepria than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice . if you forget to inject nyvepria if you have forgotten a dose of nyvepria , contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended daily dose of kisplyx is 18 mg once a day ( one 10 mg capsule and two 4 mg capsules ) in combination with one 5 mg tablet of everolimus once a day . if you have severe liver or kidney problems the recommended dose of kisplyx is 10 mg once a day ( 1 capsule of 10 mg ) in combination with one 5 mg tablet of everolimus once a day . your doctor may reduce your dose if you experience side effects . taking this medicine you can take the capsules with or without food . swallow the capsules whole with water or dissolved . to dissolve them , pour a tablespoon of water or apple juice into a small glass and put the capsules into the liquid without breaking or crushing them . leave for at least 10 minutes then stir for at least 3 minutes to dissolve the capsule shells . drink the mixture . after drinking , add the same amount of water or apple juice , swirl and swallow . take the capsules at about the same time each day . caregivers should not open capsules to avoid exposure to the contents of the capsule . how long to takekisplyx you will usually carry on taking this medicine as long as you are getting benefit . if you take more kisplyx than you should if you take more kisplyx than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take kisplyx do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . what to do if you forget to take your dose depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take the missed dose as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the normal time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the normal time .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet once a day swallow the tablet with some liquid . triumeq can be taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents children and adolescents aged between 12 and 17 years and weighing at least 40 kg can take the adult dose of one tablet once a day . do not take an antacid during the 6 hours before you take triumeq , or for at least 2 hours after you take it . other acid - lowering medicines like ranitidine and omeprazole can be taken at the same time as triumeq . → talk to your doctor for further advice on taking antacid medicines with triumeq . do not take supplements or multivitamins containing calcium , iron or magnesium during the 6 hours before you take triumeq , or for at least 2 hours after you take it . → talk to your doctor for further advice on taking supplements or multivitamins containing calcium , iron or magnesium with triumeq . if you take more triumeq than you should if you take too many tablets of triumeq , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the triumeq pack . if you forget to take triumeq if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . but if your next dose is due within 4 hours , skip the dose you missed and take the next one at the usual time . then continue your treatment as before . → don ' t take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you have stopped taking triumeq 55 if you have stopped taking triumeq for any reason — especially because you think you are having side effects , or because you have another illness : talk to your doctor before you start taking it again . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if the doctor thinks they may be related to a hypersensitivity reaction , you will be told never again to take triumeq , or any other medicine containing abacavir or dolutegravir . it is important that you follow this advice . if your doctor advises that you can start taking triumeq again , you may be asked to take your first doses in a place where you will have ready access to medical care if you need it .
opsumit should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the recommended dose of opsumit is one 10 mg tablet , once a day . swallow the whole tablet , with a glass of water , do not chew or break the tablet . you can take opsumit with or without food . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day . if you take more opsumit than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , you may experience headache , nausea , or vomiting . ask your doctor for advice . if you forget to take opsumit if you forget to take opsumit , take a dose as soon as you remember , then continue to take your tablets at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking opsumit opsumit is a treatment that you will need to keep on taking to control your pah . do not stop taking opsumit unless you have agreed this with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take myclausen exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount you take depends on the type of transplant you have had . the usual doses are shown below . treatment will continue for as long as you need to prevent you from rejecting your transplant organ . kidney transplant adults the first dose will be given within 3 days after the transplant operation . the daily dose is 4 tablets ( 2 g of the medicine ) taken as 2 separate doses . take 2 tablets in the morning then 2 tablets in the evening . children aged 2 to 18 years the dose given will vary depending on the size of the child . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s height and weight ( body surface area measured as square metres or ' m2 '). the recommended dose is 600 mg per m2 taken twice a day . heart transplant adults the first dose is given within 5 days of the transplant operation . the daily dose is 6 tablets ( 3 g of the medicine ) taken as 2 separate doses . take 3 tablets in the morning then 3 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of myclausen in children with a heart transplant . liver transplant adults the first dose of oral myclausen will be given to you at least 4 days after the transplant operation and when you are able to swallow oral medications . the daily dose is 6 tablets ( 3 g of the medicine ) taken as 2 separate doses . take 3 tablets in the morning and then 3 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of myclausen in children with a liver transplant . how to take myclausen swallow your tablets whole with a glass of water . do not break or crush them . if you take more myclausen than you should if you take more myclausen than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . also do this if someone else accidentally takes your medicine . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take myclausen if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember . then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking myclausen do not stop taking myclausen unless your doctor tells you to . if you stop your treatment you may increase the chance of rejection of your transplanted organ . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is two votrient 400 mg tablets ( 800 mg pazopanib ) taken once a day . this is the maximum dose per day . your doctor may need to reduce your dose if you get side effects . when to take don ' t take votrient with food . take it at least two hours after a meal , or one hour before a meal . for example , you could take it two hours after breakfast or one hour before lunch . take votrient at about the same time each day . swallow the tablets whole with water , one after the other . do not break or crush the tablets as this affects the way the medicine is absorbed and may increase the chance of side effects . if you take more votrient than you should if you take too many tablets , contact a doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible show them the pack , or this leaflet . if you forget to take votrient do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . don ' t stop votrient without advice take votrient for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to .
how much nivolumab bms is given the amount of nivolumab bms you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 3 mg of nivolumab per kilogram of your body weight . depending on your dose , the appropriate amount of nivolumab bms will be diluted with sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection or glucose 50 mg / ml ( 5 %) solution for injection before use . more than one vial of nivolumab bms may be necessary to obtain the required dose . how nivolumab bms is given you will receive treatment with nivolumab bms in a hospital or clinic , under the supervision of an experienced doctor . nivolumab bms will be given to you as an infusion ( a drip ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 60 minutes , every 2 weeks . your doctor will continue giving you nivolumab bms for as long as you keep benefitting from it or until you no longer tolerate the treatment . if you miss a dose of nivolumab bms it is very important for you to keep all your appointments to receive nivolumab bms . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you stop using nivolumab bms stopping your treatment may stop the effect of the medicine . do not stop treatment with nivolumab bms unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you have any further questions about your treatment or on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults dose when you start treatment 400 mg once daily for one or two weeks , before increasing to the maintenance dose . your doctor will decide whether you will be given this dose for one or two weeks . maintenance dose the usual maintenance dose is 800 mg once daily . depending on how you respond to zebinix , your dose may be increased to 1 , 200 mg once daily . if you are taking zebinix on its own your doctor may consider you can benefit of a dose of 1 , 600 mg once daily . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems you will usually be given a lower dose of zebinix . your doctor will work out the correct dose for you . zebinix is not recommended if you have severe kidney problems . elderly ( over 65 years of age ) if you are elderly and taking zebinix on its own the dose of 1 , 600 mg is not a suitable dose for you . children above 6 years of age dose when you start treatment the starting dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken once a day for one or two weeks , before increasing to the maintenance dose . maintenance dose depending on the response to zebinix , the dose may be increased by 10 mg per kg body weight , at intervals of one or two weeks , up to 30 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 1 , 200 mg once daily . children with ≥ 60 kg children with 60 kg or more body weight should take the same dose as adults . other form of this medicine , like oral suspension , maybe more suitable for children . ask your doctor or pharmacist . method and route of administration zebinix is for oral use . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . zebinix tablets may be taken with or without food . if you take more zebinix than you should if you accidently take more zebinix than you should , you are potentially at risk of having more seizures ; or you may feel like your heart beat is irregular or faster . contact a doctor or go to a hospital immediately if you experience any of the above symptoms . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take zebinix if you forget to take a tablet , take it as soon as you remember and carry on as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking zebinix do not stop taking your tablets suddenly . if you do , you are at risk of having more seizures . your doctor will decide how long you should take zebinix . should your doctor decide to stop your treatment with zebinix your dose will usually be reduced gradually . it is important that your treatment is completed as advised by your doctor or your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with deferasirox mylan will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much deferasirox mylan to take the dose of deferasirox mylan is related to body weight for all patients . your doctor will calculate the dose you need and tell you how many tablets to take each day . the usual daily dose for deferasirox mylan film - coated tablets at the start of the treatment for patients receiving regular blood transfusions is 14 mg per kilogram body weight . a higher or lower starting dose may be recommended by your doctor based on your individual treatment needs . the usual daily dose for deferasirox mylan film - coated tablets at the start of the treatment for patients not receiving regular blood transfusions is 7 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for deferasirox mylan film - coated tablets is : 28 mg per kilogram body weight for patients receiving regular blood transfusions , 14 mg per kilogram body weight for adult patients not receiving regular blood transfusions , 7 mg per kilogram body weight for children and adolescents not receiving regular blood transfusions . deferasirox also comes as " dispersible " tablets . if you are switching from the dispersible tablets to these film - coated tablets , you will need an adjustment of the dose . when to take deferasirox mylan take deferasirox mylan once a day , every day , at about the same time each day with some water . take deferasirox mylan film - coated tablets either on an empty stomach or with a light meal . taking deferasirox mylan at the same time each day will also help you remember when to take your tablets . for patients who are unable to swallow whole tablets , deferasirox mylan film - coated tablets may be crushed and taken by sprinkling the full dose onto soft food such as yogurt or apple sauce ( pureed apple ). the food should be immediately and completely consumed . do not store it for future use . how long to take deferasirox mylan continue taking deferasirox mylan every day for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 2 : " monitoring your deferasirox mylan treatment "). if you have questions about how long to take deferasirox mylan , talk to your doctor . if you take more deferasirox mylan than you should if you have taken too much deferasirox mylan , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact your doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of tablets . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take deferasirox mylan if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember on that day . take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose on the next day to make up for the forgotten tablet ( s ). if you stop taking deferasirox mylan do not stop taking deferasirox mylan unless your doctor tells you to . if you stop taking it , the excess iron will no longer be removed from your body ( see also above section " how long to take deferasirox mylan ").
a doctor or nurse will normally inject palonosetron hospira about 30 minutes before the start of chemotherapy . adults the recommended dose of palonosetron hospira is 250 micrograms given as a rapid injection into a vein . children and adolescents ( aged 1 month to 17 years ) the doctor will decide the dose , depending on bodyweight , however the maximum dose is 1500 micrograms . palonosetron hospira will be given as a slow infusion into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of trajenta is one 5 mg tablet once a day . you can take trajenta with or without food . your doctor may prescribe trajenta together with another oral anti - diabetic medicine . remember to take all medicines as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . if you take more trajenta than you should if you take more trajenta than you should , talk to a doctor immediately . if you forget to take trajenta if you forget to take a dose of trajenta , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . never take two doses on the same day . if you stop taking trajenta do not stop taking trajenta without first consulting your doctor . your blood sugar levels may increase when you stop taking trajenta . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take rivastigmine teva exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of rivastigmine teva to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine teva for several days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking rivastigmine teva . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take rivastigmine teva twice a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you accidentally take more rivastigmine teva than you should , inform your doctor . you may require medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much rivastigmine teva have experienced feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high blood pressure and hallucinations . slow heart beat and fainting may also occur . if you forget to take rivastigmine teva if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of rivastigmine teva , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . do not shake fulphila vigorously as this may affect its activity . injecting fulphila yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject fulphila yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with fulphila , please read the instructions for use at the end of this leaflet . if you use more fulphila than you should if you use more fulphila than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to inject fulphila if you have forgotten a dose of fulphila , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . rheumatoid arthritis the starting dose for adults with rheumatoid arthritis is 400 mg given at weeks 0 , 2 and 4 . this is followed by a maintenance dose of 200 mg every 2 weeks . if you respond to the medicine , your doctor may prescribe an alternative maintenance dosing of 400 mg every 4 weeks . methotrexate is continued while using cimzia . if your doctor determines that methotrexate is inappropriate , cimzia can be given alone . axial spondyloarthritis the starting dose for adults with axial spondyloarthritis is 400 mg given at weeks 0 , 2 and 4 . this is followed by a maintenance dose of 200 mg every 2 weeks ( from week 6 ) or 400 mg every 4 weeks ( from week 8 ) as instructed by your physician . if you have received cimzia for at least 1 year and respond to the medicine , your physician may prescribe a reduced maintenance dose of 200 mg every 4 weeks . psoriatic arthritis the starting dose for adults with psoriatic arthritis is 400 mg given at weeks 0 , 2 and 4 . this is followed by a maintenance dose of 200 mg every 2 weeks . if you respond to the medicine , your doctor may prescribe an alternative maintenance dosing of 400 mg every 4 weeks . methotrexate is continued while using cimzia . if your doctor determines that methotrexate is inappropriate , cimzia can be given alone . plaque psoriasis the starting dose for adults with plaque psoriasis is 400 mg every 2 weeks given at weeks 0 , 2 and 4 . this is followed by a maintenance dose of 200 mg every 2 weeks , or 400 mg every 2 weeks as instructed by your physician . how cimzia is given cimzia will usually be given to you by a specialist doctor or healthcare professional . you will be given cimzia as either one ( 200 mg dose ) or two injections ( 400 mg dose ) under the skin ( subcutaneous use , abbreviation : sc ). it is usually injected into the thigh or tummy . however , do not inject in an area where the skin is reddened , bruised , or hard . instructions for self - injecting cimzia after suitable training , your doctor may also allow you to inject cimzia yourself . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet on how to inject cimzia . if your doctor has allowed you to self - inject , you should follow up with your doctor before you continue to self - inject : after 12 weeks if you have rheumatoid arthritis , axial spondyloarthritis or psoriatic arthritis , or after 16 weeks if you have plaque psoriasis . this is so that the doctor can determine if cimzia is working for you or if another treatment needs to be considered . if you use more cimzia than you should if your doctor has allowed you to self - inject and you accidentally inject cimzia more frequently than prescribed , you should tell your doctor . always take the patient reminder card and the outer carton from the cimzia package with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to use cimzia if your doctor has allowed you to self - inject and you forget to give yourself an injection , you should inject the next dose of cimzia as soon as you remember . then , talk to your doctor and inject the following doses as instructed . if you stop using cimzia do not stop using cimzia without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take emselex exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have the impression that the effect of emselex is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much emselex to take the recommended starting dose , including for patients aged over 65 years , is 7 . 5 mg daily . depending on your response to emselex , your doctor may increase your dose to 15 mg daily , two weeks after starting therapy . these doses are suitable for people with mild liver problems or people with kidney problems . take emselex tablets once a day with water , at about the same time each day . the tablet may be taken with or without food . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , split or crush it . how long to take emselex your doctor will tell you how long your treatment with emselex will last . do not stop treatment early because you do not see an immediate effect . your bladder will need some time to adapt . finish the course of treatment prescribed by your doctor . if you have not noticed any effect by then , discuss it with your doctor . if you take more emselex than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , go to your doctor or hospital for advice immediately . when seeking medical advice , make sure that you take this leaflet and your remaining tablets with you to show them to the doctor . people who have taken an overdose may have dry mouth , constipation , headache , indigestion and nasal dryness . overdose with emselex may lead to severe symptoms requiring emergency treatment in hospital . if you forget to take emselex if you forget to take emselex at the usual time , take it as soon as you remember , unless it is the time for your next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking emselex it has been shown that taking all doses at the appropriate times can greatly increase the effectiveness of your medicine . therefore , it is important to keep taking emselex correctly , as described above . do not stop taking emselex until your doctor tells you to . you should not experience any effects when you stop treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take sprimeo hct exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of sprimeo hct is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you should take sprimeo hct with a light meal once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you should not take sprimeo hct together with grapefruit juice . during your treatment , your doctor may adjust your dose depending on your blood pressure response . sprimeo hct may have been prescribed to you because your previous treatment did not lower your blood pressure enough . if this is the case , your doctor will tell you how to switch from that treatment to sprimeo hct . if you take more sprimeo hct than you should if you have accidentally taken too many sprimeo hct tablets , talk to a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take sprimeo hct if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember and then take the next dose at its usual time . if it is almost time for your next dose you should simply take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two tablets at once ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . do not stop taking this medicine , even if you are feeling well ( unless your doctor tells you to do so ). people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
. other medicines and tracleer please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : cyclosporine a ( a medicine used after transplants and to treat psoriasis ), which must not be used together with tracleer . sirolimus or tacrolimus , which are medicines used after transplants , as these are not recommended to be used together with tracleer . glibenclamide ( a diabetes medicine ), rifampicin ( a tuberculosis medicine ), fluconazole ( a medicine against fungal infections ), ketoconazole ( a medicine used to treat cushing ' s syndrome ), or nevirapine ( an hiv medicine ), as these medicines are not recommended to be used together with tracleer . other medicines for the treatment of hiv infection , which may require special monitoring if used together with tracleer . hormonal contraceptives , which are not effective as the sole method of contraception when you take tracleer . inside your pack of tracleer tablets you will find a patient alert card which you should read carefully . your doctor and / or gynaecologist will establish the contraception which is appropriate for you . other medications for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension : sildenafil and tadalafil ; warfarin ( an anticoagulant agent ); simvastatin ( used to treat hypercholesterolaemia ). driving and using machines tracleer has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . however , tracleer can induce hypotension ( decrease of your blood pressure ) which can make you feel dizzy , affect your vision and affect your ability to drive and use machines . therefore , if you feel dizzy or that your vision is blurred while taking tracleer , do not drive or operate any tools or machines . women of childbearing age do not take tracleer if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . pregnancy tests tracleer may harm unborn babies conceived before starting or during treatment . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , your doctor will ask you to take a pregnancy test before you start taking tracleer , and regularly while you are taking tracleer . contraceptives if it is possible that you could become pregnant , use a reliable form of birth control ( contraception ) while you are taking tracleer . your doctor or gynaecologist will advise you about reliable contraceptive methods while taking tracleer . because tracleer may make hormonal contraception ( e . g ., oral , injection , implant , or skin patches ) ineffective , this method on its own is not reliable . therefore , if you use hormonal contraceptives you must also use a barrier method ( e . g ., female condom , diaphragm , contraceptive sponge , or your partner must also use a condom ). inside your pack of tracleer tablets you will find a patient alert card . you should complete this card and take it to your doctor at your next visit so that your doctor or gynaecologist can assess whether you need additional or alternative reliable contraceptive methods . monthly pregnancy tests are recommended while you are taking tracleer and are of childbearing age . tell your doctor immediately if you become pregnant while you are taking tracleer , or plan to become pregnant in the near future . breast - feeding tell your doctor immediately if you are breast - feeding . you are advised to stop breast - feeding if tracleer is prescribed for you , because it is not known whether this medicine passes into breast milk . fertility if you are a man taking tracleer , it is possible that this medicine may lower your sperm count . it cannot be excluded that this may affect your ability to father a child . talk to your doctor if you have any questions or concerns about this . tracleer contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per tablet , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '. 3 . how to take tracleer treatment with tracleer should only be started and monitored by a doctor who has experience in the treatment of pah or systemic sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tracleer with food and drink tracleer can be taken with or without food . recommended dose adult the treatment in adults is usually started for the first 4 weeks with 62 . 5 mg twice daily ( morning and evening ), from then your doctor will usually advise you to take a 125 mg tablet twice daily , depending on how you react to tracleer . children and adolescents the dose recommendation in children is only for pah . for children aged 1 year and older , treatment with tracleer is usually started with 2 mg per kg bodyweight twice daily ( morning and evening ). your doctor will advise you on your dosing . please note that tracleer is also available as a dispersible 32 mg tablet formulation , which may make correct dosing easier for children and patients with low body weight or difficulties to swallow film - coated tablets . if you have the impression that the effect of tracleer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how to take tracleer tablets should be taken ( morning and evening ), swallowed with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more tracleer than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tracleer if you forget to take tracleer , take a dose as soon as you remember , then continue to take your tablets at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten tablets . if you stop taking tracleer suddenly stopping your treatment with tracleer may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking tracleer unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use litak as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will calculate your dose according to your body weight and explain the treatment schedule in detail . the recommended daily dose is 0 . 14 mg per kg body weight for five consecutive days ( single treatment course ). litak has to be injected under your skin ( subcutaneous injection ), at about the same time each day . if you are injecting litak yourself , first you must receive adequate training by your doctor or nurse . you will find detailed instructions for injection at the end of this leaflet . you may also receive an additional medicine containing the active substance allopurinol in order to reduce excess of uric acid . if you use more litak than you should in case you inject an incorrect dose , tell your doctor immediately . if you forget to use litak do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . in case you miss an injection of a dose , tell your doctor immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ocrevus will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given ocrevus as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). medicines you will have before you are given ocrevus before you are given ocrevus , you will receive other medicines to prevent or reduce possible side effects such as infusion - related reactions ( see sections 2 and 4 for information about infusion - related reactions ). you will receive a corticosteroid and an anti - histamine before each infusion and you may also receive medicines to reduce fever . how ocrevus is given ocrevus will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . it will be given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion or iv infusion ). you will be closely monitored while you are being given ocrevus and for at least 1 hour after the infusion has been given . this is in case you have any side effects such as infusion - related reactions . the infusion may be slowed , temporarily stopped or permanently stopped if you have an infusion - related reaction , depending on how serious it is ( see sections 2 and 4 for information about infusion - related reactions ). how much and how often you will be given ocrevus you will be given a total dose of 600 mg of ocrevus every 6 months . the first 600 mg dose of ocrevus will be given as 2 separate infusions ( 300 mg each ), given 2 weeks apart . each infusion will last about 2 hours 30 minutes . the next 600 mg doses of ocrevus will be given as a single infusion . depending on the rate of the subsequent infusion , each infusion will either last about 3 hours 30 minutes or 2 hours . if you miss an infusion of ocrevus if you miss an infusion of ocrevus , talk to your doctor to arrange to have it as soon as possible . do not wait until your next planned infusion . to get the full benefit of ocrevus , it is important that you receive each infusion when it is due . if you stop ocrevus treatment it is important to continue your treatment for as long as you and your doctor decide that it is helping you . some side effects can be related to having low b cells . after you stop ocrevus treatment , you may still experience side effects until your b - cells return to normal . your blood b - cells will gradually increase to normal levels . this can take from six months to two and a half years , or up to several years in rare cases . before you start any other medicines , tell your doctor when you had your last ocrevus infusion . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine pergoveris is intended to be given by injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). to minimise skin irritation , select a different injection site each day . it comes as a powder and liquid , which you need to mix together and then use straight away . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and inject this medicine . they will supervise your first injection . if they are satisfied that you can administer pergoveris safely , you can then prepare and inject the medicine yourself at home . when you do this , please carefully read and follow the instructions hereafter called " how to prepare and use the pergoveris powder and solvent ". how much to use the usual starting dose is one vial of pergoveris every day . according to your response , your doctor may decide to add every day a dose of a licensed follitropin alfa preparation to your pergoveris injection . in this case , the follitropin alfa dose is usually increased every 7 or every 14 days by 37 . 5 to 75 iu . treatment is continued until you get the desired response . this is when you have developed a suitable follicle , as assessed using ultrasound scans and blood tests . this may take up to 5 weeks . when you get the desired response , you will be given a single injection of human chorionic gonadotropin ( hcg ) 24 to 48 hours after your last pergoveris injection . the best time to have sex is on the day of the hcg injection and the day after . alternatively , intrauterine insemination ( iui ) may be performed . if your body responds too strongly , your treatment will be stopped and you will not be given any hcg ( see in section 2 . under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss )"). in this case , your doctor will give you a lower follitropin alfa dose in the following cycle . how to prepare and use the pergoveris powder and solvent before starting the preparation , please read these instructions the whole way through first : give yourself the injection at the same time each day . 1 . wash your hands and find a clean area it is important that your hands and the items you use be as clean as possible a good place is a clean table or kitchen surface 2 . get together everything you need and lay them out 1 vial containing pergoveris powder 1 vial containing water for injections ( solvent ) not provided in the pack : 2 alcohol swabs 1 empty syringe for injection 1 needle for preparation 1 fine bore needle for injection under the skin one sharps container for safe disposal of glass and needles 3 . preparing the solution remove the protective cap from the vial filled with water ( solvent vial ). attach the needle for preparation to the empty syringe for injection . draw up some air into the syringe by pulling the plunger to approximately the 1 ml mark . insert the needle into the vial , push the plunger to expel the air . turn the vial upside down and gently draw up all the water ( solvent ). remove the syringe from the vial and set it down carefully . do not touch the needle and do not allow the needle to touch any surface . remove the protective cap from the vial filled with pergoveris powder . pick up your syringe and slowly inject the contents of the syringe into the vial of powder . swirl gently without removing the syringe . do not shake . after the powder has dissolved ( which usually occurs immediately ), check that the resulting solution is clear and does not contain any particles . turn the vial upside down , gently draw the solution back into the syringe . check for particles as before , and do not use if the solution is not clear . 4 . getting the syringe ready for injection change the needle for the fine bore needle . remove any air bubbles : if you see air bubbles in the syringe , hold the syringe with the needle pointing upwards and gently flick the syringe until all the air collects at the top . push the plunger until the air bubbles are gone . 5 . injecting the dose immediately inject the solution . your doctor or nurse will have already advised you where to inject ( e . g . tummy , front of thigh ). to minimise skin irritation , select a different injection site each day . clean the chosen skin area with an alcohol swab using a circular motion . firmly pinch the skin together and insert the needle at a 45 ° to 90 angle using a dart - like motion . inject under the skin , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a vein . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . take as much time as you need to inject all the solution . then withdraw the needle and clean the skin with a new alcohol swab using a circular motion . 6 . after the injection dispose of all used items . once you have finished your injection , immediately discard all needles and empty vials in your sharps container . any unused solution must be discarded . if you use more pergoveris than you should the effects of an overdose of pergoveris are unknown , nevertheless one could expect ohss to occur . however this will only occur if hcg is administered ( see in section 2 . under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss )"). if you forget to use pergoveris do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further question on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much slenyto is available in two strengths : 1 mg and 5 mg . the recommended starting dose is 2 mg ( two 1 - mg tablets ) once daily . if there is no improvement in your / your child ' s symptoms , your doctor may increase the dose of slenyto to find the most suitable dose for you / your child . the maximum daily dose that you / your child will receive is 10 mg ( two 5 - mg tablets ). when slenyto should be taken in the evening , 30 to 60 minutes before bedtime . the tablets should be taken after the evening meal , i . e . on a full stomach . how to take slenyto slenyto is for oral use . the tablets should be swallowed whole and not broken , crushed or chewed . crushing and chewing damages the special properties of the tablet and means that they will not work properly . the whole tablets can be put into food like yoghurt , orange juice or ice - cream to help with swallowing . if the tablets are mixed with these foods , they should be given immediately and not left or stored , as this may affect the way the tablets work . if the tablets are mixed with any other type of food , the tablets may not work properly . how long slenyto is for use in the treatment of insomnia . you or your child should be monitored by your doctor at regular intervals ( recommended every 6 months ) to check that slenyto is still the right treatment for you / them . if you or your child takes more slenyto than you / they should if you / your child has accidentally taken too much medicine , contact the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . taking more than the recommended daily dose may make you / your child feel drowsy . if you or your child forgets to take slenyto if you or your child forgets to take a tablet , it could be taken before going to sleep that night , but after this time , no other tablet should be taken before the next evening . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you or your child stops taking slenyto you should talk to your doctor before you / your child stops taking slenyto . it is important to continue taking this medicine to treat the condition . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will inject the vaccine into a muscle ( intramuscular injection ) in the upper arm or thigh . zabdeno must not be injected into a blood vessel . the 2 - dose course of vaccination consists of : a dose of zabdeno vaccine , followed around 8 weeks later by a dose of mvabea vaccine . your doctor will tell you the date for the second vaccine . how much vaccine will you or your child get primary vaccination first vaccination with zabdeno red cap vial ( 0 . 5 ml ). second vaccination with mvabea yellow cap vial ( 0 . 5 ml ), given around 8 weeks after the first vaccination with zabdeno . booster vaccination with zabdeno ( an extra dose of zabdeno to increase or renew the effect of an earlier zabdeno and mvabea 2 - dose course of vaccination ) the booster vaccination is recommended for you or your child if you are at high risk of being in contact with the ebola virus and you completed the 2 - dose course of vaccination more than 4 months ago . ask your doctor if you or your child should consider getting the booster vaccination . during and after the injection of the vaccine , the doctor will watch over you or your child for around 15 minutes or longer as necessary in case of a severe allergic reaction . instructions for preparing the vaccine for medical and healthcare professionals are included at the end of the leaflet . if you have an unintended or accidental injection of zabdeno or mvabea if you or your child are accidently given mvabea as the first vaccination you will get zabdeno as the second vaccination around 8 weeks later . if you or your child are accidently given zabdeno as the first and the second vaccination you will get mvabea around 8 weeks after the second vaccination with zabdeno . if you or your child are accidently given mvabea as the first and the second vaccination you will get zabdeno around 8 weeks after the second vaccination with mvabea . if you or your child have not been given mvabea around 8 weeks after vaccination with zabdeno talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse about getting the second vaccination with mvabea . if you miss an appointment for vaccination of zabdeno or mvabea if you miss an appointment , tell your doctor and arrange another visit . if you miss a scheduled injection , you may not be fully protected from ebola virus . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . sixmo implants must be inserted , removed , and patients monitored by a healthcare professional familiar with the procedure , with experience in the management of opioid addiction . before administering sixmo implants you must be on a stable buprenorphine dose of between 2 to 8 mg per day , given under the tongue . this must be for at least 30 days and to be decided by your doctor . buprenorphine given under the tongue will be stopped 12 to 24 hours before insertion of sixmo implants . treatment with sixmo implants each dose consists of 4 implants . before inserting sixmo , your doctor will give you a local anaesthetic to numb the area . the implants will then be inserted under the skin in the inner side of the upper arm . after insertion of the implants , the doctor will apply a sterile gauze with a pressure bandage to minimize bruising . you may remove the pressure bandage after 24 hours and the adhesive bandage after five days . apply an ice pack on the arm for 40 minutes every two hours for the first 24 hours , then as needed . your doctor will also give you a patient alert card that provides the insertion site and date latest date on which the implant must be removed keep this card in a safe place , since the information on the card may make it easier to carry out removal . your doctor will examine the insertion site one week following implant insertion and at a minimum once - monthly thereafter for signs of : infection or any problems with wound healing 43 evidence of implant coming out of the skin please attend all of these necessary appointments . inform your doctor immediately if you think you have an infection at the implant site or if the implant starts to come out . if you feel the need for additional buprenorphine doses , contact your doctor straight away . removal of sixmo implants sixmo implants are intended to be in place for 6 months and provide a continuous delivery of buprenorphine . they are removed by the doctor at the end of the sixth month . the implants should only be removed by a doctor who is familiar with the procedure . if the implants cannot be located , the doctor may use ultrasound or a type of scan called magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ). after removal of the implant , the doctor will apply a sterile gauze with a pressure bandage to minimize bruising . you may remove the pressure bandage after 24 hours and the adhesive bandage after five days . apply an ice pack on the arm for 40 minutes every two hours for the first 24 hours , then as needed . retreatment with sixmo implants when the first 6 - month treatment period is up , a new set of sixmo implants may be given after removal of the old implants , preferably on the same day . new implants will be inserted in the other arm . if another set of implants is not inserted on the same day as the previous set is removed : a dose of between 2 and 8 mg buprenorphine daily , given under the tongue , is recommended until repeat treatment occurs . this should be stopped 12 to 24 hours before insertion of the next set of sixmo implants . if you have more sixmo than you need in some cases , the dose delivered by the implants might be more than the one you need . overdose symptoms include : pinpoint pupils sedation low blood pressure breathing difficulties , breathing slowly in the worst case , it can result in breathing stopping , heart failure and death . inform your doctor immediately if the above symptoms occur , or go to the nearest hospital and bring this leaflet and your patient alert card with you . do not attempt to remove the implants by yourself as this could be very dangerous . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of marixino for adults and older people is 20 mg once a day . in order to 26 reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a 10 mg tablet week 2 one 10 mg tablet week 3 one and a half 10 mg tablets week 4 two 10 mg tablets the usual starting dose is half a tablet once a day ( 1 x 5 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1 x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 1 and a half tablets once a day ( 1 x 15 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is two tablets once a day ( 1 x 20 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired kidney function if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration marixino should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the 10 mg film - coated tablet can be divided into equal doses . the tablets can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take marixino as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor should assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you take more marixino than you should - in general , taking too much marixino should not result in any harm to you . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 . " possible side effects ". - if you take a large overdose of marixino , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take marixino - if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of marixino , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you will receive a total of three injections over 6 months . each injection is given on a separate visit . the first dose will be given on an elected date . the remaining two doses will be given one month , and six months after the first dose . first dose : at an elected date second dose : 1 month later third dose : 6 months after the first dose your doctor will advise on the possible need for extra doses , and future booster dosing . if you miss a scheduled injection , talk to your doctor and arrange another visit . make sure you finish the complete vaccination course of three injections . if not , you may not be fully protected against the diseases . the doctor will give twinrix paediatric as an injection into your upper arm muscle or into the thigh muscle of your child . the vaccine should never be given into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ceprotin is intended for intravenous administration ( infusion into a vein ). it is given to you under close supervision of your doctor who is experienced in substitution therapy of coagulation factors / inhibitors and where monitoring of protein c activity is possible . dosage will vary depending on your condition and your body weight . dosage the dose , administration frequency and duration of treatment depend on the severity of the protein c deficiency as well as on your clinical condition and on your plasma level of protein c . they should be adjusted accordingly on the basis of clinical effectiveness and laboratory assessment . a protein c activity of 100 % should be achieved initially and the activity should be maintained above 25 % for the duration of the treatment . an initial dose of 60 to 80 iu / kg should be administered . your physician will take several blood drawings over time to determine how long protein c is remaining in your body . the measurement of protein c activity using chromogenic substrates is recommended for the determination of your plasma level for protein c before and during treatment with ceprotin . the dosage should be determined on the basis of laboratory measurements of the protein c activity . in the case of an acute thrombotic event these should be performed every 6 hours until your condition is stabilised , thereafter twice a day and always immediately before the next injection . it should be kept in mind that the half - life of protein c may be severely shortened in certain clinical conditions such as acute thrombosis with purpura fulminans and skin necrosis . if you have kidney and / or liver disease , please inform your doctor , because he may have to adjust your treatment accordingly . if you are switched to permanent prophylaxis with oral anticoagulants , protein c replacement is to be discontinued only when stable anticoagulation is obtained ( see " important information about some of the ingredients of ceprotin "). if you receive prophylactic administration of protein c , higher trough levels may be warranted in situations of an increased risk of thrombosis ( such as infection , trauma , or surgical intervention ). if you have apc resistance which is a thromboembolic risk factor present in up to 5 % of the population in europe your doctor may need to adjust your treatment accordingly . administration ceprotin will be administered to you by intravenous injection after reconstitution of the powder for solution for injection with sterilised water for injections . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of ceprotin the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . reconstitute lyophilised ceprotin powder for solution for injection , with the supplied solvent ( sterilised water for injections ) using the sterile transfer needle . gently rotate the vial until all powder is dissolved . after reconstitution , the solution is drawn through the sterile filter needle into a sterile disposable syringe . a separate unused filter needle must be used to withdraw each vial of reconstituted ceprotin . the solution should be discarded if particulate matter is visible . the reconstituted solution should be administered immediately by intravenous injection . ceprotin should be administered at a maximum injection rate of 2 ml per minute . in children with a body weight of less than 10 kg , the injection rate should not exceed a rate of 0 . 2 ml / kg / min . all unused solution , empty vials and used needles and syringes must be discarded appropriately . frequency and duration of treatment depend on the severity of your protein c deficiency , on the results of determination of protein c levels in your plasma as well as on the location and extent of thrombosis . in case of acute thrombosis ceprotin may be administered to you every 6 hours . as the tendency for thrombus formation decreases , the frequency may be reduced . if you use more ceprotin than you should it is recommended that you adhere to the dose level and frequency of administration as recommended by your doctor . in case you administered more ceprotin than recommended , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use ceprotin not applicable . if you stop using ceprotin do not stop using ceprotin without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 2 tablets 2 times daily your doctor may reduce your dose to 1 tablet 2 times daily , if you have problems with your liver or kidneys . method of use swallow the tablets whole , take them with food and a glass of water . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines while you are taking nubeqa . if you take more nubeqa than you should continue the treatment with the next dose as scheduled . if you forget to take nubeqa take your missed dose as soon as you remember before the next scheduled dose . do not take a double dose to make up for 1 or more forgotten tablets . if you stop taking nubeqa do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much entyvio you will receive treatment with entyvio is the same for ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease . the recommended dose is 300 mg of entyvio given as follows ( see table below ): treatment ( infusion ) number timing of treatment ( infusion ) treatment 1 0 weeks treatment 2 2 weeks after treatment 1 treatment 3 6 weeks after treatment 1 further treatments every 8 weeks your doctor may decide to alter this treatment schedule depending on how well entyvio works for you . the infusion will be given to you , by your doctor or nurse , through a drip in 1 of the veins in your arm ( intravenous infusion ) over about 30 minutes . for your first 2 infusions , your doctor or nurse will monitor you closely during the infusion and for approximately 2 hours after you have completed the infusion . for all subsequent infusions ( after the first 2 ), you will be monitored during the infusion and for approximately 1 hour after you have completed the infusion . if you forget or miss your entyvio infusion if you forget or miss an appointment to receive the infusion , make another appointment as soon as possible . if you stop using entyvio do not stop using entyvio without talking with your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . one tablet should be taken once daily . if necessary your doctor may tell you to take a different dose . if you have the impression that the effect of paglitaz is too weak , talk to your doctor . when paglitaz is taken in combination with other medicines used to treat diabetes ( such as insulin , chlorpropamide , glibenclamide , gliclazide , tolbutamide ) your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a smaller dose of your medicines . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with paglitaz . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking paglitaz . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . use in children and adolescents use in children under 18 years is not recommended . if you take more paglitaz than you should if you accidentally take too many paglitaz tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take paglitaz take paglitaz tablets daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking paglitaz paglitaz tablets should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using paglitaz tablets , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . ? take one tablet : ? twice daily by mouth ? with meals to lower your chance of an upset stomach . ? your doctor may need to increase your dose to control your blood sugar . ? if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue the diet recommended by your doctor during treatment with this medicine and take care that your carbohydrate intake is equally distributed over the day . this medicine alone is unlikely to cause abnormally low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). when this medicine is used with a sulphonylurea medicine or with insulin , low blood sugar can occur and your doctor may reduce the dose of your sulphonylurea or insulin . if you take more janumet than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . go to the hospital if you have symptoms of lactic acidosis such as feeling cold or uncomfortable , severe nausea or vomiting , stomach ache , unexplained weight loss , muscular cramps , or rapid breathing ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you forget to take janumet if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking janumet continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking janumet , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much sarclisa is given the amount of sarclisa you will be given is based on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 10 mg of sarclisa per kilogram of your body weight . how sarclisa is given your doctor or nurse will give you sarclisa as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). how often sarclisa is given sarclisa is used in treatment cycles of 28 days ( 4 weeks ) . it is used with two other medicines called pomalidomide and dexamethasone . in cycle 1 : sarclisa is given once a week on days 1 , 8 , 15 and 22 in cycle 2 and beyond : sarclisa is given every 2 weeks - on days 1 and 15 your doctor will continue to treat you with sarclisa as long as you benefit from it and the side effects are acceptable . medicines given before sarclisa you will be given the following medicines before infusion of sarclisa . this is to help reduce your chances of getting infusion reactions : medicines to reduce allergic reactions ( anti - histamine ) medicines to reduce inflammation ( corticosteroids ) medicine to reduce pain and fever if you miss a dose of sarclisa it is very important that you go to all your appointments to make sure you receive your treatment at the right time for it to work properly . if you miss any appointments , call your doctor or nurse as soon as possible to reschedule the appointment . your doctor or nurse will decide how your treatment should be continued . if you are given more sarclisa than you should sarclisa will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . if you are accidentally given too much ( an overdose ), your doctor will treat and monitor your side effects . if you stop using sarclisa do not stop your treatment with sarclisa unless you have discussed that with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
kyntheum should be prescribed to you by a doctor with experience in diagnosing and treating psoriasis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much kyntheum is given your doctor will decide how much kyntheum you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 210 mg ( one injection ). after the first dose you will need to have a weekly injection at week 1 ( one week after the first dose ) and week 2 ( two weeks after the first dose ). after that , you will need to have an injection every two weeks . kyntheum is for long - term treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . tell your doctor if you think your signs and symptoms of psoriasis are not improving after using kyntheum . how is kyntheum given kyntheum is given as an injection under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). self - administration instructions see the detailed " instructions for use " that comes with this medicine for information on the right way to store , prepare , and give your injections at home . if your doctor decides that you or a caregiver can give the injections at home , you or your caregiver should receive training on the right way to prepare and inject kyntheum . do not try to inject kyntheum until you or your caregiver have been shown how to inject kyntheum by your doctor or nurse . do not shake the pre - filled syringe before use . kyntheum is injected in your upper legs ( thighs ) or stomach area ( abdomen ) by you or a caregiver . a caregiver may also give you an injection in your upper , outer arm . do not inject into an area of the skin that is tender , bruised , red , hard or in an area of skin that is affected by psoriasis . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you use more of this medicine than prescribed or take the dose sooner than required , tell your doctor . if you forget to use kyntheum if you have forgotten to inject a dose of kyntheum , inject the next dose as soon as you can after the missed dose . then , talk to your doctor about when you should inject the next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using kyntheum you should not stop using kyntheum without speaking to your doctor first . if you stop treatment , symptoms of psoriasis may come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the dose of pemetrexed fresenius kabi is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed fresenius kabi powder with 5 % glucose intravenous infusion before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed fresenius kabi by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed fresenius kabi in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed fresenius kabi has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteroids : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed fresenius kabi treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1000 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed fresenius kabi . you must take at least 5 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed fresenius kabi . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed fresenius kabi . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 1000 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed fresenius kabi and then approximately every 9 weeks ( corresponding to 3 courses of pemetrexed fresenius kabi treatment ). vitamin b12 and folic acid are given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 1 - mg capsule taken by mouth once daily . if you get certain side effects while you are taking talzenna ( see section 4 ), your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . the dose may be lowered to 0 . 75 mg ( taken as three 0 . 25 - mg capsules ) once daily , or 0 . 5 mg ( two 0 . 25 - mg capsules ) once daily , or 0 . 25 mg ( one 0 . 25 - mg capsule ) once daily . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . you can take talzenna with food or between meals . do not open the capsules . contact with the capsule content should be avoided . if you take more talzenna than you should if you have taken more talzenna than your normal dose , contact your doctor or nearest hospital right away . urgent treatment may be necessary . take the carton and this leaflet so that the doctor knows what you have been taking . if you forget to take talzenna if you miss a dose or vomit , take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten or vomited capsules . if you stop taking talzenna do not stop taking talzenna unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse .
how it is given mabthera will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given mabthera as a drip ( intra - venous infusion ). medicines given before each mabthera administration before you are given mabthera , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will receive your treatment a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having mabthera alone mabthera will be given to you once a week for 4 weeks . repeated treatment courses with mabthera are possible . if you are having mabthera with chemotherapy mabthera will be given to you on the same day as your chemotherapy . this is usually given every 3 weeks up to 8 times . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given mabthera as a maintenance treatment every 2 or 3 months for two years . your doctor may change this , depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you are less than 18 years of age , you will be given mabthera with chemotherapy . you will receive mabthera up to 6 times over a 3 . 5 5 . 5 month period . b ) if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with mabthera in combination with chemotherapy , you will receive mabthera infusions on day 0 cycle 1 then day 1 of each cycle for 6 cycles in total . each cycle has a duration of 28 days . the chemotherapy should be given after the mabthera infusion . your doctor will decide if you should receive concomitant supportive therapy . c ) if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis each course of treatment is made up of two separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart . repeated courses of treatment with mabthera are possible . depending on the signs and symptoms of your disease , your doctor will decide when you should receive more mabthera . this may be months from now . d ) if you are being treated for granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis treatment with mabthera uses four separate infusions given at weekly intervals . corticosteroids will usually be given by injection before the start of mabthera treatment . corticosteroids given by mouth may be started at any time by your doctor to treat your condition . if you are 18 years of age and older and respond well to treatment , you may be given mabthera as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered as 2 separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart , followed by 1 infusion every 6 months for at least 2 years . your doctor may decide to treat you longer with mabthera ( up to 5 years ), depending on how you respond to the medicine . e ) if you are being treated for pemphigus vulgaris each course of treatment is made up of two separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given mabthera as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered 1 year and 18 months after the initial treatment and then every 6 months as needed or your doctor may change this , depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this cancer treatment will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . dosage and frequency of administration the correct amount of cyramza needed to treat your disease will be calculated by your doctor or hospital pharmacist depending on your body weight . the recommended dose of cyramza for the treatment of gastric cancer , for the treatment of advanced cancer of the colon or rectum and for the treatment of liver cancer is 8 mg per kilogram of your body weight once every 2 weeks . the recommended dose of cyramza for the treatment of lung cancer is 10 mg per kilogram of your body weight once every 2 weeks when given in combination with erlotinib or once every 3 weeks when given in combination with docetaxel . the number of infusions you will receive depends on how you are responding to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . premedication you may be given another medicine to reduce the risk of an infusion - related reaction before you receive cyramza . if you experience an infusion - related reaction during cyramza therapy , you will be given premedication for all future infusions . dose adjustments during each infusion , your doctor or nurse will check for side effects . if you experience an infusion - related reaction during treatment , the time taken to give your infusion will be increased for the rest of that infusion and for all future infusions . the amount of protein in your urine will be checked regularly during treatment . depending on the protein level measured , cyramza may be temporarily discontinued . once the urine protein level has decreased to a certain level , treatment may be restarted with a lower dose . route and method of administration cyramza is a concentrate for solution for infusion ( also called " sterile concentrate "). a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have diluted the contents of the vial with sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution before use . this medicine is given by infusion via a drip over a period of approximately 60 minutes . cyramza treatment will be temporarily stopped if you : - develop high blood pressure , until it is controlled with anti - hypertensive medicine - develop wound healing problems , until the wound is healed - will undergo planned surgery , four weeks prior to surgery cyramza treatment will be permanently stopped if you : - develop a blood clot in your arteries - develop a hole in the wall of your gut - experience severe bleeding - experience a severe infusion - related reaction - develop high blood pressure that cannot be controlled with medicine - are passing more than a certain amount of protein with your urine or if you develop a severe kidney disease ( nephrotic syndrome ) - develop abnormal tube - like connections or passageways inside the body between internal organs and skin or other tissues ( fistula ) - develop confusion and / or disorientation associated with chronic liver problems - decline in kidney function ( in the setting of liver failure ) when receiving cyramza in combination with paclitaxel or docetaxel paclitaxel and docetaxel are also given by a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of approximately 60 minutes . if you are receiving cyramza in combination with either paclitaxel or docetaxel on the same day , cyramza will be given first . the amount of paclitaxel or docetaxel needed depends on the surface area of your body . your doctor or hospital pharmacist will calculate your body surface area by measuring your height and weight and will work out the right dose for you . the recommended dose of paclitaxel is 80 mg for every square metre ( m² ) of your body ' s surface area once every week for 3 weeks followed by 1 week without treatment . the recommended dose of docetaxel is 75 mg for every square metre ( m² ) of your body ' s surface area once every 3 weeks . if you are of east asian origin , you may receive a reduced docetaxel starting dose of 60 mg per every m2 of your body ' s surface area once every 3 weeks . prior to being given any paclitaxel infusion , you will have blood tests to check that your blood counts are high enough and that your liver is functioning well . read the paclitaxel or docetaxel package leaflet for further information . when receiving cyramza in combination with folfiri folfiri chemotherapy is given by intravenous infusion , after the cyramza infusion has finished . please read the package leaflets for the other medicines that are part of your treatment , to see if they are suitable for you . if you are unsure , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if there are any reasons why you can ' t use these medicines . when receiving cyramza in combination with erlotinib please read the erlotinib package leaflet for information on erlotinib and whether it is suitable for you . if you are unsure , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if there are any reasons why you can ' t use erlotinib .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the amount of deferiprone lipomed that you take will depend on your weight . the usual dose is 25 mg / kg , 3 times per day , for a total daily dose of 75 mg / kg . the total daily dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . take your first dose in the morning . take your second dose midday . take your third dose in the evening . deferiprone lipomed can be taken with or without food ; however , you may find it easier to remember to take deferiprone lipomed if you take it with your meals . if you take more deferiprone lipomed than you should there are no reports of acute overdose with deferiprone . if you have accidentally taken more than the prescribed dose , you should contact your doctor . if you forget to take deferiprone lipomed deferiprone lipomed will be most effective if you do not miss any doses . if you do miss one dose take it as soon as you remember and take your next dose at its regularly scheduled time . if you miss more than one dose do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses , just continue with your normal schedule . do not change your daily dose without first talking to your doctor .
not all patients need to take the same dose of baraclude . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for adults the recommended dose is either 0 . 5 mg or 1 mg once daily orally ( by mouth ). your dose will depend on : whether you have been treated for hbv infection before , and what medicine you received . whether you have kidney problems . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you or instruct you to take it less often than once a day . the condition of your liver . for children and adolescents ( from 2 to less than 18 years of age ), your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the baraclude oral solution is recommended for patients weighing from 10 kg to 32 . 5 kg . children weighing at least 32 . 6 kg may take the oral solution or the 0 . 5 mg tablet . all dosing will be taken once daily orally ( by mouth ). there are no recommendations for baraclude in children less than 2 years of age or weighing less than 10 kg . your doctor will advise you on the dose that is right for you . always take the dose recommended by your doctor to ensure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to treatment . take baraclude as long as your doctor has told you . your doctor will tell you if and when you should stop the treatment . some patients must take baraclude on an empty stomach ( see baraclude with food and drink in section 2 ). if your doctor instructs you to take baraclude on an empty stomach , empty stomach means at least 2 hours after a meal and at least 2 hours before your next meal . if you take more baraclude than you should contact your doctor at once . if you forget to take baraclude it is important that you do not miss any doses . if you miss a dose of baraclude , take it as soon as possible , and then take your next scheduled dose at its regular time . if it is almost time for your next dose , do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not stop baraclude without your doctor ' s advice some people get very serious hepatitis symptoms when they stop taking baraclude . tell your doctor immediately about any changes in symptoms that you notice after stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . xeristar is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . for depression and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual dose of xeristar is 60 mg once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose of xeristar is 30 mg once a day after which most patients will receive 60 mg once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted up to 120 mg a day based on your response to xeristar . to help you remember to take xeristar , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking xeristar . do not stop taking xeristar , or change your dose , without talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more xeristar than you should call your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the amount of xeristar prescribed by your doctor . symptoms of overdose include sleepiness , coma , serotonin syndrome ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits , vomiting and fast heart rate . if you forget to take xeristar if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take more than the daily amount of xeristar that has been prescribed for you in one day . if you stop taking xeristar do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if your doctor thinks that you no longer need xeristar he or she will ask you to reduce your dose over at least 2 weeks before stopping treatment altogether . some patients who stop taking xeristar suddenly have had symptoms such as : dizziness , tingling feelings like pins and needles or electric shock - like feelings ( particularly in the head ), sleep disturbances ( vivid dreams , nightmares , inability to sleep ), fatigue , sleepiness , feeling restless or agitated , feeling anxious , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), shaking ( tremor ), headaches , muscle pain , feeling irritable , diarrhoea , excessive sweating or vertigo . these symptoms are usually not serious and disappear within a few days , but if you have symptoms that are troublesome you should ask your doctor for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . recommended dose the recommended dose is one tablet once a day for 12 weeks . swallow the tablet whole with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you are taking an antacid , take it at least 4 hours before or at least 4 hours after epclusa . if you are taking a proton pump inhibitor , take epclusa with food 4 hours before using a proton pump inhibitor . if you are sick ( vomit ) after taking epclusa it may affect the amount of epclusa in your blood . this may make epclusa work less well . if you are sick ( vomit ) less than 3 hours after taking epclusa , take another tablet . if you are sick ( vomit ) more than 3 hours after taking epclusa , you do not need to take another tablet until your next scheduled tablet . if you take more epclusa than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose you should contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take epclusa it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose , work out how long it is since you last took your epclusa : if you notice within 18 hours of the time you usually take epclusa , you must take the tablet as soon as possible . then take the next dose at your usual time . if it ' s 18 hours or more after the time you usually take epclusa , wait and take the next dose at your usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses close together ). do not stop taking epclusa do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . it is very important that you complete the full course of treatment to give the medicine the best chance to treat your hepatitis c virus infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment is prescribed and monitored by doctors who are experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . your doctor will determine the best dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . starting treatment the recommended starting dose for adults and adolescents over the age of 15 years is : - one tablet of zubsolv 1 . 4 mg / 0 . 36 mg each day , or - one tablet of zubsolv 2 . 9 mg / 0 . 71 mg each day an additional tablet of the zubsolv 1 . 4 mg / 0 . 36 mg or 2 . 9 mg / 0 . 71 mg may be administered on day 1 depending on your needs . there are other strengths that are available to be used by your doctor who will decide what is the best treatment for you . this may involve taking a combination of different strengths , but your daily dose should not exceed 17 . 2mg of buprenorphine . clear signs of withdrawal should be evident before taking your first dose of zubsolv . a doctor ' s assessment of your readiness for treatment will guide the timing of your first zubsolv dose . starting treatment of zubsolv whilst dependent on heroin : if you are dependent upon heroin or a short acting opioid , your first dose of zubsolv should be taken when signs of withdrawal appear , but not less than 6 hours after you last used opioids starting treatment of zubsolv whilst dependent on methadone : if you have been taking methadone or a long acting opioid , the dose of methadone should ideally be 52 reduced to below 30 mg / day before beginning zubsolv therapy . the first dose of zubsolv should be taken when signs of withdrawal appear , but not less than 24 hours after you last used methadone taking zubsolv take the dose once a day or as advised by your doctor . remove the tablet as described below . only open the blister immediately before taking the dose . never open in advance as the tablet is sensitive to moisture place the tablets under the tongue keep the tablets in place under the tongue until they have completely dissolved do not chew or swallow the tablets , as the medicine will not work and you may get withdrawal symptoms do not consume any food or drink until the tablets have completely dissolved . whilst you may notice that most of the table disintegrates within 40 seconds , it may take 5 to 10 minutes for the entire table to disappear from your mouth how to remove the tablet from the blister 1 . do not push the tablet through the foil . 2 . remove just one section from the blister pack , tearing it along the perforated line . 3 . fold the packet along the dotted line . 4 . tear following the direction of the arrow . if the blister is damaged , discard the tablet . dosage adjustment and maintenance therapy your doctor may increase the dose of zubsolv you take according to your needs . if you feel that the effect of zubsolv is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 17 . 2 mg . after a period of successful treatment , you may agree with your doctor to reduce the dose gradually to a lower maintenance dose . stopping treatment do not change the treatment in any way or stop treatment without the agreement of the doctor who is treating you . depending on your condition , the dose of zubsolv may continue to be reduced under careful medical supervision , until eventually it may be stopped . if you take more zubsolv than you should if you or someone else takes too much of this medicine , you must go or be taken immediately to an emergency centre or hospital for treatment as overdose with zubsolv may cause serious and life - threatening breathing problems . symptoms of overdose may include breathing more slowly and weakly than normal , feeling more sleepy than normal , reduction in the size of the pupils , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomit and / or slurred speech . if you forget to take zubsolv tell your doctor as soon as possible if you miss a dose . if you stop taking zubsolv do not change the treatment in any way or stop treatment without the agreement of the doctor who is treating you . stopping treatment suddenly may cause withdrawal symptoms . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
fluad tetra is given by your doctor or nurse as an injection into the muscle at the top of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). adults of 65 years of age and older : one dose of 0 . 5 ml
general information about taking this medicine : always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose and duration of ribavirin teva pharma b . v . depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . use in children and adolescents dosing for children above 3 years of age and adolescents depends on how much the person weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the recommended dose of ribavirin teva pharma b . v . combined with interferon alfa - 2b , is shown in the below table . ribavirin teva pharma b . v . dose based on body weight when used in combination with interferon alfa - 2b or peginterferon alfa - 2b in children above 3 years of age and adolescents if the child / adolescent weighs ( kg ) usual daily ribavirin teva pharma b . v . dose number of 200 mg tablets 47 - 49 600 mg 1 tablet in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening 50 - 65 800 mg 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening > 65 see adult dose take your prescribed dose by mouth with water and during your meal . do not chew the film - coated tablets . for children or adolescents who cannot swallow a film - coated tablet , an oral solution of ribavirin is available . reminder : this medicine is only to be used in combination with other medicines for hepatitis c virus infection . for complete information be sure to read the " how to use " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with ribavirin teva pharma b . v .. if you take more ribavirin teva pharma b . v . than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take ribavirin teva pharma b . v . take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
before starting the treatment your doctor will determine the amount of her2 in your tumour . only patients with a large amount of her2 will be treated with kanjinti . kanjinti should only be given by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of kanjinti depends on your body weight . it is important to check the product labels to ensure that the correct formulation is being given as prescribed . kanjinti intravenous formulation is not for subcutaneous use and should be given as an intravenous infusion only . kanjinti intravenous formulation is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your veins . the first dose of your treatment is given over 90 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of infusions you receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is kanjinti ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . for early breast cancer , metastatic breast cancer and metastatic gastric cancer , kanjinti is given every 3 weeks . kanjinti may also be given once a week for metastatic breast cancer if you have metastatic or early breast cancer you will be given kanjinti on either a three - weekly or once weekly cycle . the recommended starting dose for the three - weekly cycle is 8 mg / kg body weight . this will then be reduced to a maintenance dose of 6 mg / kg body weight every three weeks , beginning three weeks after your first dose . the recommended starting dose for the once weekly cycle is 4 mg / kg body weight . this will then be reduced to a maintenance dose of 2 mg / kg body weight once weekly , beginning one week after the first dose . if you have metastatic gastric cancer the recommended starting dose is 8 mg / kg body weight . this will then be reduced to a maintenance dose of 6 mg / kg body weight every three weeks , beginning three weeks after your first dose . if you miss a dose of kanjinti it is important for you to keep all your appointments to receive kanjinti . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you stop using kanjinti do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . all doses should be taken at the right time every week or every three weeks ( depending on your dosing schedule ). this helps your medicine work as well as it can . it may take up to 7 months for kanjinti to be removed from your body . therefore your doctor may decide to continue to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
obiltoxaximab sfl will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose based on your ( or your child ' s ) weight . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will prepare the medicine for infusion . the obiltoxaximab sfl solution will be given as an infusion ( drip ) over 90 minutes into a vein , usually in your arm . you will be monitored while you are given obiltoxaximab sfl and also for at least one hour after the infusion . before you are given obiltoxaximab sfl , you will usually be given medicines to prevent or reduce allergic reactions . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take onsenal exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is 400 mg twice a day . you will usually take two 200 mg capsules twice a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 800 mg . if you take more onsenal than you should if you accidentally take too many capsules , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take onsenal do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses .
how does photodynamic therapy ( pdt ) work ? one course of pdt consists of one injection of photobarr plus one or two laser light applications . to increase your response rate , you may need up to three pdt courses , separated by at least 90 days . photobarr injection : you will receive one intravenous injection of photobarr ( 2 mg per kg of body weight ), 40 to 50 hours before laser light treatment . the reddish - brown solution is slowly injected , over 3 to 5 minutes , into a vein . laser light treatment : your doctor will apply the red laser light ( not a burning laser ) to the involved area using an endoscope ( a device used to see inside certain parts of the body ). you may receive a second laser light treatment 96 - 120 hours after the initial injection of photobarr . you will be given a sedative along with a local anaesthetic to minimise discomfort . if you miss the laser light treatment both the medicine and laser light are necessary for the therapy to work . if you realise that you have missed your appointment for the laser treatment , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor will decide how to proceed with the treatment . how to prevent a photosensitivity reaction photosensitivity reactions are very common side effects of photobarr ( affecting more than 2 users in 3 ). they consist mainly of sunburn - like reactions , mild redness on exposed skin , usually the face and hands . for 90 days following your photobarr injection , you must take precautions to avoid exposure of skin and eyes to light . if you have liver problems , this period might be longer . since photobarr is activated by the red part of light , sunscreens for uv ( ultraviolet ) light will not protect you against photosensitivity reactions . direct sunlight : before you go to receive your photobarr injection , check that there are adequate shades and curtains in your home to keep out bright sunlight . if you go out during daylight hours ( even on cloudy days and while travelling in a vehicle ), you should take the following precautions : - cover as much skin as possible by wearing a long - sleeved shirt , trousers , socks , shoes , gloves and a wide brimmed hat - protect your eyes with dark sunglasses . - remember to take protective clothing and sunglasses with you to your appointment , as you will be photosensitive once the injection has been given . indoor light : avoid direct exposure to bright indoor lights , including dental lamps , operating room lamps , unshaded light bulbs at close proximity or neon lights . however , to speed up the natural process of inactivating the medicine in your body , it is good to expose the skin to normal levels of indoor light . you do not need to stay in a darkened room . photosensitivity skin test about 90 days after the photobarr injection , you should test the photosensitivity of your skin as follows : cut a 2 - inch hole in a paper bag , put it on your hand or elbow ( not your face ). expose a small area of skin to sunlight for 10 minutes . check for the appearance of red marks , swelling or blistering after one day . - if none of these appear on the exposed area , then you can gradually return to your normal outdoor activities , limiting exposure to the sun during the midday hours . - if any of these signs are seen , then continue to protect yourself from bright light for 2 more weeks , then repeat the skin test . if you go on holiday to an area with more sunshine , remember to repeat the skin test , especially if some areas of skin have not been exposed to sunlight since your photobarr treatment .
your treatment will be initiated and managed under supervision of a doctor experienced in the care of patients with hereditary angioedema ( hae ). a doctor or nurse may prepare and inject cinryze for you . if your doctor decides you can self - administer , your doctor or nurse will train you or a family member to prepare and inject cinryze . your doctor will regularly review the preparation and administration process with you or a family member or carer . the recommended dose of cinryze for adults , adolescents , children , the elderly , or patients suffering from kidney or liver problems is as follows : adults and adolescents ( 12 years and above ) treatment of swelling attacks a dose of 1000 iu ( two vials ) of cinryze should be injected at the first sign of a swelling attack . a second injection of 1000 iu may be given if your symptoms do not improve after 60 minutes . if you are experiencing a severe attack , particularly a swelling of the voice - box ( larynx ), or if initiation of treatment is delayed , the second 1000 iu dose may be given earlier than 60 minutes after the first dose , depending on your clinical response . cinryze should be injected intravenously ( into the vein ). routine prevention of swelling attacks a dose of 1000 iu ( two vials ) of cinryze should be injected every 3 or 4 days for routine prevention of swelling attacks . the dosing interval may be adjusted by your doctor depending upon your response to cinryze . cinryze should be injected intravenously ( into the vein ). prevention of swelling attacks prior to surgery a dose of 1000 iu ( two vials ) of cinryze should be injected up to 24 hours before a medical , dental , or surgical procedure . cinryze should be injected intravenously ( into the vein ). children treatment of angioedema attacks pre - procedure prevention of angioedema attacks routine prevention of angioedema attacks 2 to 11 years , > 25 kg : a dose of 1000 iu ( two vials ) of cinryze should be injected at the first sign of a swelling attack . a second injection of 1000 iu may be given if your symptoms do not improve after 60 minutes . 2 to 11 years , 10 - 25 kg : a dose of 500 iu ( one vial ) of cinryze should be injected at the first sign of a swelling attack . a second injection of 500 iu may be given if your symptoms do not improve after 60 minutes . 2 to 11 years , > 25 kg : a dose of 1000 iu ( two vials ) of cinryze should be injected up to 24 hours before a medical , dental , or surgical procedure . 2 to 11 years , 10 - 25 kg : a dose of 500 iu ( one vial ) of cinryze should be injected up to 24 hours before a medical , dental , or surgical procedure . 6 to 11 years : a dose of 500 iu ( one vial ) of cinryze should be injected every 3 or 4 days for routine prevention of swelling attacks . the dosing interval may be adjusted by your doctor depending upon your response to cinryze . reconstitution and method of administration cinryze is usually injected into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . you or your carer might also administer cinryze as an injection , but only after receiving adequate training . if you are injecting cinryze yourself , always use it exactly as your doctor has instructed you . check with your 29 doctor if you are not sure . if your doctor decides that you may be suitable for such home - treatment , he / she will give you detailed instructions . you will be required to keep a diary in order to document each treatment received at home and to bring it to each of your visits to the doctor . regular review of your / your carer ' s injection technique will be performed to ensure continued appropriate handling . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor or nurse . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . osteoporosis the usual dose is 5 mg given as one infusion per year into a vein by your doctor or nurse . the infusion will take at least 15 minutes . in case you recently broke your hip , it is recommended that zoledronic acid teva generics is administered two or more weeks after your hip repair surgery . it is important to take calcium and vitamin d supplements ( for example tablets ) as directed by your doctor . for osteoporosis , zoledronic acid teva generics works for one year . your doctor will let you know when to return for your next dose . paget ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg , given to you as one initial infusion into a vein by your doctor or nurse . the infusion will take at least 15 minutes . zoledronic acid teva generics may work for longer than one year , and your doctor will let you know if you need to be treated again . your doctor may advise you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements ( e . g . tablets ) for at least the first ten days after being given zoledronic acid teva generics . it is important that you follow this advice carefully so that the level of calcium in your blood does not become too low in the period after the infusion . your doctor will inform you regarding the symptoms associated with hypocalcaemia . zoledronic acid teva generics with food and drink make sure you drink enough fluids ( at least one or two glasses ) before and after the treatment with zoledronic acid teva generics , as directed by your doctor . this will help prevent dehydration . you may eat normally on the day you are treated with zoledronic acid teva generics . this is especially important in patients who take diuretics (" water pills ") and in elderly patients . if you missed a dose of zoledronic acid teva generics contact your doctor or hospital as soon as possible to re - schedule your appointment . before stopping zoledronic acid teva generics therapy if you are considering stopping zoledronic acid teva generics treatment , please go to your next appointment and discuss this with your doctor . your doctor will advise you and decide how long you should be treated with zoledronic acid teva generics . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of memantine accord for adults and older people is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a 10 mg tablet week 2 one 10 mg tablet week 3 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 4 and beyond two 10 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet once a day ( 1 x 5 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1 x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 1 and a half tablet once a day ( 1 x 15 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 2tablets once a day ( 1 x 20 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired kidney function if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration memantine accord should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with a little water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take memantine accord as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor should assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you take more memantine accord than you should - in general , taking too much memantine accord should not result in any harm to you . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 . ' possible side effects '. - if you take a large overdose of memantine accord , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take memantine accord - if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of memantine accord , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . your doctor will tell you how much cinacalcet mylan you must take . cinacalcet mylan must be taken orally , with or shortly after food . the tablets must be taken whole and are not to be chewed , crushed or divided . your doctor will take regular blood samples during treatment to monitor your progress and will adjust your dose if necessary . if you are being treated for secondary hyperparathyroidism the recommended starting dose for cinacalcet mylan is 30 mg ( one tablet ) once per day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the recommended starting dose for cinacalcet mylan is 30 mg ( one tablet ) twice per day . if you take more cinacalcet mylan than you should if you take more cinacalcet mylan than you should you must contact your doctor immediately . possible signs of overdose include numbness or tingling around the mouth , muscle aches or cramps and seizures . if you forget to take cinacalcet mylan do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have forgotten a dose of cinacalcet mylan , you should take your next dose as normal . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration aprovel is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take aprovel with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take aprovel until your doctor tells you otherwise . patients with high blood pressure the usual dose is 150 mg once a day ( two tablets a day ). the dose may later be increased to 300 mg ( four tablets a day ) once daily depending on blood pressure response . patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes , 300 mg ( four tablets a day ) once daily is the preferred maintenance dose for the treatment of associated kidney disease . the doctor may advise a lower dose , especially when starting treatment in certain patients such as those on haemodialysis , or those over the age of 75 years . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 4 - 6 weeks after beginning treatment . use in children and adolescents aprovel should not be given to children under 18 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take aprovel if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will aim to prescribe the lowest dose to treat your symptom for as short as necessary . speak to your doctor if you think this dose is too strong or not strong enough . how much to use use one pessary once a day , at bedtime . how to use insert the pessary into the vagina with your finger or with an applicator provided in the pack . read the instructions on how to use intrarosa at the end of the leaflet carefully before using this medicine . how long to use after initial use , see your doctor at least every 6 months to check if you need to keep using intrarosa . if you use more intrarosa than you should vaginal douching is recommended . if you forget to use intrarosa if you forget to use a pessary , insert one as soon as you remember . however , if the next dose is due in less than 8 hours , skip the missed pessary . do not use two pessaries to make up for a forgotten dose . if you need to have surgery if you are going to have surgery , tell the surgeon that you are taking intrarosa . you may need to stop taking intrarosa about 4 to 6 weeks before the operation to reduce the risk of a blood clot ( see section 2 , blood clots in a vein ). ask your doctor when you can start taking intrarosa again .
orbactiv will be given to you by your doctor or nurse , by infusion ( drip ) into a vein . the recommended dose for orbactiv is one single infusion of 1 , 200 mg administered into a vein over 3 hours . if you are given more orbactiv than you should your doctor will decide how to treat you , including stopping the treatment and monitoring for signs of ill effects .
the dose you or your child receives is based on your or your child ' s body weight . infants (< 6 months of age ) for patients who have signs and symptoms of the disease when they are infants , the recommended starting dose is 1 mg / kg once weekly . dose adjustments may be considered based on how well you or your child responds to treatment . children and adults the recommended dose is 1 mg per kg body weight once every other week through a drip into a vein . each infusion will take approximately 1 to 2 hours . you or your child may be monitored by your doctor or nurse for an additional hour after the infusion . kanuma should be started at as young an age as possible and is intended for long - term use . your doctor or nurse will give kanuma to you or your child by an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . the medicine will be diluted before being given to you or your child .
your treatment with ivozall has been prescribed by a qualified doctor experienced in treating leukaemia . your doctor will work out the dose that is right for you depending on your height , weight and how well you are . before ivozall is given to you , it will be diluted in a sodium chloride solution ( salt and water ). tell your doctor if you are on a controlled sodium diet as it could affect how you will be given your medicine . your doctor will give you ivozall once every day for 5 days . it will be given to you as an infusion through a long thin tube which goes into a vein ( a drip ), or into a small medical appliance that is inserted under the skin ( port - a - cath ) if you ( or your child ) have one implanted . the infusion will be given over 2 hours . if you ( or your child ) weigh less than 20 kg , the infusion time may be longer . your doctor will monitor your health and may change your dose depending on your response to the treatment . it is important to drink plenty of water to avoid dehydration . if you use more ivozall than you should if you think you may have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor straight away . if you forget to use ivozall your doctor will tell you when you need to be given this medicine . if you think that you have missed a dose , tell your doctor straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
neulasta is for use in adults aged 18 and over . always take neulasta exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) and it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . injecting neulasta yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject neulasta yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with neulasta , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not shake neulasta vigorously as this may affect its activity . if you use more neulasta than you should if you use more neulasta than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to inject neulasta if you are injecting yourself and have forgotten your dose of neulasta , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . hyrimoz is available as a 40 mg pen as well as 20 mg and 40 mg pre - filled syringes for patients to administer a full 20 mg or 40 mg dose . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children , adolescents and adults from 6 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable 89 paediatric crohn ' s disease age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescent from 6 to 17 years of age weighing 40 kg or more first dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg every other week starting two weeks later . if a faster response is required your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day or two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ), followed by 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg every other week starting two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 20 mg every week . paediatric non - infectious uveitis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 80 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 40 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose . method and route of administration hyrimoz is administered by injection under the skin ( by subcutaneous injection ). detailed instructions on how to inject hyrimoz are provided in section 7 , " instructions for use ". if you use more hyrimoz than you should if you accidentally inject hyrimoz more frequently than you should , call your doctor or pharmacist and explain that your child has received more medication than required . always take the outer carton of medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to use hyrimoz if you forget to give your child an injection , you should inject the next dose of hyrimoz as soon as you remember . then take your child ' s next dose as you would have on the originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if you stop using hyrimoz the decision to stop using hyrimoz should be discussed with your child ' s doctor . the symptoms may return upon stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
take daurismo once a day at about the same time every day . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 100 mg taken by mouth once a day with or without food . if you get certain side effects while you are taking daurismo ( see section 4 " possible side effects "), your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . if you vomit after taking daurismo if you vomit after taking a dose of daurismo , do not take an extra dose , just take your next dose at the usual time . if you take more daurismo than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse right away . you may require urgent medical attention . if you forget to take daurismo if you forget to take a tablet , then take it as soon as you remember unless more than 10 hours have passed since the scheduled dose time , in which case , you should skip the dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking daurismo do not stop taking daurismo unless your doctor tells you to . it is important to take daurismo every day , as long as your doctor prescribes it to you . if you cannot take the medicine as your doctor has prescribed , or you feel you do not need it anymore , speak with your doctor right away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
gencebok should only be used in a neonatal intensive care unit in which adequate facilities are available for patient surveillance and monitoring . treatment should be initiated under supervision of a physician experienced in neonatal intensive care . dose your baby ' s doctor will prescribe the right amount of gencebok based on your baby ' s weight . the starting dose is 20 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 2 ml per kg body weight ). the maintenance dose is 5 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ) every 24 hours . route and method of administration gencebok will be infused by controlled intravenous infusion , using a syringe infusion pump or other metered infusion device . this method is also known as " a drip ". some of the doses ( maintenance doses ) may be given by mouth . it may be needed that your baby ' s doctor decides to check the levels of caffeine in a blood test periodically throughout treatment to avoid toxicity . duration of treatment your baby ' s doctor will decide exactly how long your newborn must continue therapy with gencebok . if your baby has 5 to 7 days without apnoea attacks , the doctor will stop the treatment . if your newborn receives more gencebok than he / she should your newborn may experience fever , rapid breathing ( tachypnoea ), jitteriness , muscular tremor vomiting , high blood levels of sugar ( hyperglycemia ), low blood levels of potassium ( hypokalaemia ), high blood levels of certain chemicals ( urea ), elevated number of certain cells ( leukocyte ) in blood and seizures if he / she receives more caffeine citrate than he / she should . in the event of this happening treatment with gencebok should be stopped immediately and your baby ' s doctor should treat the overdose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicinal product , ask your baby ' s doctor .
dose always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . based on your life - style and the results of your blood sugar ( glucose ) tests , your doctor will - determine how much insuman rapid per day you will need , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of insuman rapid . many factors may influence your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . frequency of administration insuman rapid is injected under the skin 15 to 20 minutes before a meal . method of administration insuman rapid is a solution for injection under the skin or , in exceptional circumstances , into a vein ( blood vessel ). your doctor will show you in which area of the skin you should inject your insulin . with each injection , change the puncture site within the particular area of skin that you are using . insulin administration into a vein for example to treat severe hyperglycaemia and ketoacidosis , requires experience and special safety precautions . for these reasons , it must be done in a clinic or a similar setting . do not use insuman rapid in insulin pumps special insulin preparations are available for use in such devices . also do not use it in peristaltic pumps with silicone tubing . how to handle the vials insuman rapid contains 100 iu insulin per ml . only injection syringes designed for this insulin concentration ( 100 iu per ml ) must be used . the injection syringes must not contain any other medicines or traces of medicines ( such as traces of heparin ). before the first withdrawal of insulin you must remove the safety tear - off lid on the vial . insuman rapid must only be used if the solution is clear , colourless , with no solid particles visible , and has a water - like consistency . do not shake the vial vigorously as this could cause froth to form . froth can make it difficult for you to measure the correct dose . special care before injection before injection remove any air bubbles . make sure that neither alcohol nor other disinfectants or other substances contaminate the insulin . do not mix insulin with any other medicines except with insulin human preparations as detailed below . insuman rapid may be mixed with all insulin human preparations , except those specially designed for use in insulin pumps . also , it must not be mixed with animal source insulins or insulin analogues . your doctor will tell you if you have to mix insulin human preparations . if you need to inject a mixture , draw insuman rapid into the injection syringe before the other insulin . inject as soon as you have mixed them . do not mix insulins of different strengths ( for example 100 iu per ml and 40 iu per ml ). if you use more insuman rapid than you should - if you have injected too much insuman rapid , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hypoglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of hypoglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use insuman rapid - if you have missed a dose of insuman rapid or if you have not injected enough insulin , your blood sugar level may become too high ( hyperglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . for information on the treatment of hyperglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using insuman rapid this could lead to severe hyperglycaemia ( very high blood sugar ) and ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). do not stop insuman rapid without speaking to a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . insulin mix - ups you must always check the insulin label before each injection to avoid mix - ups between insuman rapid and other insulins .
the treatment should only be started by a doctor with experience in treating osteoporosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . osseor is for oral use . the recommended dose is one 2g sachet a day . it is recommended that you take osseor at bedtime , preferably at least 2 hours after dinner . you may lie down immediately after taking osseor if you wish . take the granules contained in the sachets as a suspension in a glass containing a minimum of 30 ml ( approximately one third of a standard glass ) of water . see instructions below . osseor can interact with milk and milk products , so it is important that you mix osseor only with water to be sure it works properly . empty the granules from the sachet into a glass ; add water ; stir until the granules are evenly dispersed in the water . drink straight away . you should not leave more than 24 hours before you drink it . if for some reason you cannot drink the medicine straight away , make sure you stir it again before drinking . your doctor may advise you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements in addition to osseor . do not take calcium supplements at bedtime , at the same time as osseor . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take osseor . osteoporosis - therapy is usually required for a long period . it is important that you continue taking osseor for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . if you take more osseor than you should : if you take more sachets of osseor than recommended by your doctor , tell your doctor or pharmacist . they may advise you to drink milk or take antacids to reduce the absorption of the active ingredient . if you forget to take osseor : do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . just carry on with the next dose at the normal time . if you stop taking osseor : it is important that you continue taking osseor for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . osseor can treat your severe osteoporosis only if you continue to take it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use quixidar exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is 2 . 5 mg once a day , injected at about the same time each day . if you have kidney disease , the dose may be reduced to 1 . 5 mg once a day . how is quixidar given quixidar is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) into a skin fold of the lower abdominal area . the syringes are pre - filled with the exact dose you need . there are different syringes for the 2 . 5 mg and 1 . 5 mg doses . for step - by - step instructions please see over the page do not inject quixidar into muscle . how long should quixidar be taken for you should continue quixidar treatment for as long as your doctor has told you , since quixidar prevents development of a serious condition . if you inject too much quixidar contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice as soon as possible because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take quixidar take the dose as soon as you remember . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist . don ' t stop using quixidar without advice if you stop the treatment before your doctor told you to , you are at risk of developing a blood clot in a vein of your leg or lung . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions about how to use this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the recommended dose of leqvio is 284 mg given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). the next dose is given after 3 months , followed by further doses every 6 months . before starting leqvio you should be on a diet to lower your cholesterol and it is likely that you will be taking a statin . you should stay on this cholesterol - lowering diet and keep taking the statin all the time you receive leqvio . leqvio is for injection under the skin of the abdomen ; alternative injection sites include the upper arm or thigh . leqvio will be given to you by a doctor , pharmacist or nurse ( healthcare professional ). if you receive more leqvio than you should this medicine will be given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse ( healthcare professional ). in the highly unlikely event that you are given too much ( an overdose ) the doctor or other healthcare professional will check you for side effects . if you miss your dose of leqvio if you miss your appointment for your leqvio injection , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as you can to arrange your next injection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet twice daily with a glass of water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole ; do not crush , break or chew the tablet before swallowing . do not take more tablets than recommended on the label . do not take tablets more often than recommended . do not take this medicine for more than 10 days continuously unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you take more aerinaze than you should if you take more aerinaze than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take aerinaze if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible and then go back to your regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking aerinaze if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
luxturna will be given to you in an operating room by surgeons experienced in performing eye surgery . luxturna is given under anaesthesia . your doctor will talk to you about the anaesthesia and how it will be given to you . your doctor will carry out eye surgery to remove the clear gel inside the eye , and then inject luxturna directly under your retina , the thin light - sensing layer at the back of that eye . this will be repeated on your other eye at least 6 days afterwards . you will need to stay for post - operative observation for a few hours after each procedure to monitor your recovery and watch for any side effects from the surgery or the anaesthesia . before luxturna treatment is started , your doctor may prescribe a medicine that will suppress your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) so that it will not try to fight the luxturna when it is given . it is important that you take this medicine according to the instructions given . do not stop taking the medicine without first talking to your doctor . if you are given more luxturna than you should be as this medicine is given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if it does occur , your doctor will treat the symptoms as necessary . tell your doctor or nurse if you have any visual problems . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets , with some water . epivir can be taken with or without food . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . stay in regular contact with your doctor epivir helps to control your condition . you need to keep taking it every day to stop your illness getting worse . you may still develop other infections and illnesses linked to hiv infection . keep in touch with your doctor , and do not stop taking epivir without your doctor ' s advice . how much to take adults , adolescents and children who weigh at least 25 kg : the usual dose of epivir is 300 mg a day . this can be taken as either one 150 mg tablet twice a day ( leaving approximately 12 hours between each dose ), or two 150 mg tablets once a day as advised by your doctor . children weighing at least 20 kg and less than 25 kg : the usual dose of epivir is 225 mg a day . this can be given as 75 mg ( half a 150 mg tablet ) in the morning and 150 mg ( one whole 150 mg tablet ) in the evening , or 225 mg ( one and a half 150 mg tablets ) once a day as advised by your doctor . children weighing at least 14 kg and less than 20 kg : the usual dose of epivir is 150 mg a day . this can be given as 75 mg ( half a 150 mg tablet ) twice a day ( leaving approximately 12 hours between each dose ), or 150 mg ( one 150 mg tablet ) once a day as advised by your doctor . an oral solution is also available for the treatment of children over 3 months of age , or for people who need a lower dose than usual , or who cannot take tablets . if you or your child has a kidney problem , your dose may be altered . talk to your doctor if this applies to you or your child . if you take more epivir than you should accidentally taking too much epivir is unlikely to cause any serious problems . if you take too much , tell your doctor or your pharmacist , or contact your nearest hospital emergency department for further advice . if you forget to take epivir if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . then continue your treatment as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure how to use this medicine . when used alone , the recommended dose is 0 . 75 mg once a week . when used with other medicines for diabetes , the recommended dose is 1 . 5 mg once a week . in certain situations , for example if you are 75 years or older , your doctor may recommend a starting dose of 0 . 75 mg once a week . each pen contains one weekly dose of trulicity ( 0 . 75 mg or 1 . 5 mg ). each pen delivers only one dose . you can use your pen at any time of the day , with or without meals . you should use it on the same day each week if you can . to help you remember , you may wish to tick the day of the week when you inject your first dose on the box that your pen comes in , or on a calendar . trulicity is injected under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) of your stomach area ( abdomen ) or upper leg ( thigh ). if the injection is given by someone else , they may inject in your upper arm . if you want to do so , you can use the same area of your body each week . but be sure to choose a different injection site within that area . it is important that you test your blood glucose levels as instructed by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , if you are taking trulicity with a sulphonylurea or insulin . read the " instructions for use " for the pen carefully before using trulicity . if you use more trulicity than you should if you use more trulicity than you should talk to your doctor immediately . too much trulicity may make your blood sugar too low ( hypoglycaemia ) and can make you feel sick or be sick . if you forget to use trulicity if you forget to inject a dose , and if there are at least 3 days before your next dose is due , then inject your dose as soon as possible . inject your next dose on your regular scheduled day . if there are less then 3 days before your next dose is due , skip the dose and inject the next one on your regular scheduled day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . you can also change the day of the week on which you inject trulicity if necessary , as long as it has been at least 3 days since your last dose of trulicity . if you stop using trulicity do not stop using trulicity without talking with your doctor . if you stop using trulicity , your blood sugar levels can increase . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or your 42 pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take - farydak is taken over 21 days ( 2 weeks on and 1 week off ) this is called a treatment cycle . - you do not take the medicine every day . - based on the recommendation of your doctor , the dose of farydak is either 20 mg or 15 mg or 10 mg , to be taken once a day on days 1 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 10 and 12 of the 21 - day cycle . - do not take farydak in week 3 . - after week 3 you start a new cycle again as shown in tables 1 and 2 below . please refer to table 1 for cycles 1 to 8 and table 2 for cycles 9 - 16 . table 1 recommended schedule for taking farydak in combination with bortezomib and dexamethasone ( cycles 1 - 8 ) cycles 1 - 8 ( 3 - week cycles ) week 1 days week 2 days week 3 farydak 1 3 5 8 10 12 rest period bortezomib 1 4 8 11 rest period dexamethasone 1 2 4 5 8 9 11 12 rest period table 2 recommended schedule for taking farydak in combination with bortezomib and dexamethasone ( cycles 9 - 16 ). cycles 9 - 16 ( 3 - week cycles ) week 1 days week 2 days week 3 farydak 1 3 5 8 10 12 rest period bortezomib 1 8 rest period dexamethasone 1 2 8 9 rest period your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of farydak you need to take . do not change the dose without talking to your doctor . take farydak once a day at the same time each day only on the scheduled days . taking this medicine - swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . - the medicine can be taken with or without food . - do not chew or crush the capsules . if you vomit after you swallow the farydak capsules , do not take any more capsules until your next scheduled dose . how to use the farydak blister one farydak blister = 3 weeks = 1 cycle the days of the cycle are numbered on the blister . take farydak on days 1 , 3 and 5 and on days 8 , 10 and 12 . push the farydak capsule through the pocket on days 1 , 3 and 5 of week 1 and days 8 , 10 and 12 of week 2 . on days when you do not have to take farydak , including the rest period in week 3 , scratch the relevant empty cavities with your finger nail to help you keep track of your medicine schedule . how long to take farydak keep taking farydak for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment with 16 cycles ( 48 weeks ). your doctor will monitor your condition to see if the treatment is working . if you have questions about how long to take farydak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more farydak than you should if you accidentally take more capsules than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the pack and this leaflet with you . you may need medical treatment . if you forget to take farydak - if it is less than 12 hours since you should have taken the medicine , take the missed dose as soon as you remember . then continue taking the medicine as normal . - if it is more than 12 hours since you should have taken the medicine , skip the missed dose . then continue taking the medicine as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . never take a missed dose of farydak on one of the " off " days when no farydak dose is planned . tell your doctor about all the doses that you have missed during any 21 - day cycle of treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
myozyme will be given to you under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of pompe disease . the dose you receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dosage of myozyme is 20 mg per kg of body weight . it will be given to you once every 2 weeks . use in children and adolescents the recommended dosage of myozyme in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . instructions for proper use myozyme is given through a drip into a vein ( by intravenous infusion ). it is supplied as a powder which will be mixed with sterile water before it is given . if you are given more myozyme than you should there is no experience with overdose of myozyme . if you forget to use myozyme if you have missed an infusion , please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
. always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet and as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . important : - take off the previous patch before putting one new patch on . - only one patch per day . - do not cut the patch into pieces . - press the patch firmly in place for at least 30 seconds using the palm of the hand . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you which rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . transdermal patch is most suitable for you . - treatment usually starts with rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . 4 . 6 mg / 24 h . - the recommended daily dose is rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . 9 . 5 mg / 24 h . if well tolerated , the treating physician may consider increasing the dose to 13 . 3 mg / 24 h ( this high strength is currently not available from 3m but may be available from other marketing authorisation holders ). - only wear one rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . patch at a time and replace the patch with a new one after 24 hours . during the course of the treatment your doctor may adjust the dose to suit your individual needs . if you have not applied a patch for three days , do not apply the next one before you have talked to your doctor . transdermal patch treatment can be resumed at the same dose if treatment is not interrupted for more than three days . otherwise your doctor will restart your treatment on rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . 4 . 6 mg / 24 h . rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . can be used with food , drink and alcohol . where to apply your rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . transdermal patch - before you apply a patch , make sure that your skin is clean , dry and hairless , free of any powder , oil , moisturiser or lotion that could keep the patch from sticking to your skin properly , free of cuts , rashes and / or irritations . - carefully remove any existing patch before putting on a new one . having multiple patches on your body could expose you to an excessive amount of this medicine which could be potentially dangerous . - apply one patch per day to only one of the possible locations shown in the following diagrams : every 24 hours take off the previous patch before putting one new patch on to only one of the following possible locations . left upper arm or right upper arm left upper chest or right upper chest ( avoid breast ) 43 left upper back or right upper back left lower back or right lower back when changing the patch , you must remove the previous day ' s patch before you apply the new one to a different location of skin each time ( for example on the right side of your body one day , then on the left side the next day , and on your upper body one day , then on your lower body the next day ). do not apply a new patch to the same skin area twice within 14 days . how to apply your rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . transdermal patch rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . patches are transparent to translucent , plastic patches that stick to the skin . each patch is sealed in a pouch that protects it until you are ready to put it on . do not open the pouch or remove a patch until just before you apply it . carefully remove the existing patch before putting on a new one . for patients starting treatment for the first time and for patients restarting rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . after treatment interruption , please begin with the second picture . - each patch is sealed in its own protective pouch . you should only open the pouch when you are ready to apply the patch . tear the pouch open where indicated and remove the patch from the pouch . the pouch can be torn open in two places . - a protective liner covers the sticky side of the patch . peel off one half of the protective liner and do not touch the sticky part of the patch with the fingers . - put the sticky side of the patch on the upper or lower back , upper arm or chest and then peel off the second half of the protective liner . - then press the patch firmly in place for at least 30 seconds using the palm of the hand to make sure that the edges stick well . if it helps you , you may write , for example , the day of the week , on the patch with a thin ball point pen . the patch should be worn continuously until it is time to replace it with a new one . you may wish to experiment with different locations when applying a new patch , to find ones that are most comfortable for you and where clothing will not rub on the patch . how to remove your rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . transdermal patch gently pull at one edge of the patch to remove it slowly from the skin . in case the adhesive residue is left over on your skin , gently soak the area with warm water and mild soap or use baby oil to remove it . alcohol or other dissolving liquids ( nail polish remover or other solvents ) should not be used . you should wash your hands with soap and water after removing the patch . in case of contact with eyes or if the eyes become red after handling the patch , rinse immediately with plenty of water and seek medical advice if symptoms do not resolve . can you wear your rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . transdermal patch when you are bathing , swimming , or in the sun ? - bathing , swimming or showering should not affect the patch . make sure the patch does not loosen during these activities . - do not expose the patch to any external heat sources ( e . g . excessive sunlight , saunas , solarium ) for long periods of time . what to do if a patch falls off if a patch falls off , apply a new one for the rest of the day , then replace it at the same time as usual the next day . when and for how long to apply your rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . transdermal patch - to benefit from treatment , you must apply a new patch every day , preferably at the same time of day . - only wear one rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . patch at a time and replace the patch with a new one after 24 hours . if you use more rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . than you should if you accidentally apply more than one patch , remove all the patches from your skin , then inform your doctor that you have accidentally applied more than one patch . you may require medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . have experienced feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high blood pressure and hallucinations . slow heartbeat and fainting may also occur . if you forget to use rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . if you find you have forgotten to apply a patch , apply one immediately . you may apply the next patch at the usual time the next day . do not apply two patches to make up for the one that you missed . if you stop using rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you stop using the patch . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take adults ( from 18 years ) - the recommended dose of vitrakvi is 100 mg ( 1 capsule of 100 mg or 4 capsules of 25 mg ), two times a day . - your doctor will review your dose and change it as needed . children and adolescents - your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose for your child based on their height and weight . - the maximum recommended dose is 100 mg ( 1 capsule of 100 mg or 4 capsules of 25 mg ), two times a day . - your child ' s doctor will review the dose and change it as needed . an oral solution of vitrakvi is available for patients who cannot swallow the capsules . how to take this medicine - vitrakvi can be taken with or without food . - do not eat grapefruit or drink grapefruit juice while taking this medicine . - swallow the vitrakvi capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open , chew or crush the capsule as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more vitrakvi than you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you miss a dose of vitrakvi do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose or if you vomit after taking this medicine . take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking vitrakvi do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . it is important to take vitrakvi for as long as your doctor tells you . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed talk to your doctor straight away . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take one tablet : twice daily by mouth with meals to lower your chance of an upset stomach . your doctor may need to increase your dose to control your blood sugar . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue the diet recommended by your doctor during treatment with this medicine and take care that your carbohydrate intake is equally distributed over the day . this medicine alone is unlikely to cause abnormally low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). when this medicine is used with a sulphonylurea medicine or with insulin , low blood sugar can occur and your doctor may reduce the dose of your sulphonylurea or insulin . if you take more velmetia than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . go to the hospital if you have symptoms of lactic acidosis such as feeling cold or uncomfortable , severe nausea or vomiting , stomach ache , unexplained weight loss , muscular cramps , or rapid breathing ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you forget to take velmetia if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking velmetia continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking velmetia , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
docetaxel kabi will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration docetaxel kabi will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel kabi . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , or hospital pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 . 5 mg tablet twice a day . take xarelto around the same time every day ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take xarelto . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take it . if necessary , your doctor may also give you the crushed xarelto tablet through a stomach tube . xarelto will not be given to you on its own . your doctor will also tell you to take acetylsalicylic acid . if you get xarelto after an acute coronary syndrome , your doctor may tell you to also take clopidogrel or ticlopidine . your doctor will tell you how much of these to take ( usually between 75 to 100 mg acetylsalicylic acid daily or a daily dose of 75 to 100 mg acetylsalicylic acid plus a daily dose of either 75 mg clopidogrel or a standard daily dose of ticlopidine ). when to start xarelto treatment with xarelto after an acute coronary syndrome should be started as soon as possible after stabilisation of the acute coronary syndrome , at the earliest 24 hours after admission to hospital and at the time when parenteral ( via injection ) anticoagulation therapy would normally be stopped . your doctor will tell you when to start treatment with xarelto if you have been diagnosed with coronary artery disease or peripheral artery disease . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment . if you take more xarelto than you should 16tcontact your doctor immediately 16t if you have taken too many xarelto tablets . taking too much xarelto increases the risk of bleeding . if you forget to take xarelto do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you miss a dose , take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking xarelto take xarelto on a regular basis and for as long as your doctor keeps prescribing it . do not stop taking xarelto without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , it may increase your risk of having another heart attack or stroke or dying from a disease related to your heart or your blood vessels . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
before starting the treatment your doctor will determine the amount of her2 in your tumour . only patients with a large amount of her2 will be treated with zercepac . zercepac should only be given by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of zercepac depends on your body weight . zercepac intravenous formulation is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your veins . the first dose of your treatment is given over 90 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of infusions you receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is zercepac ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . for early breast cancer , metastatic breast cancer and metastatic gastric cancer , zercepac is given every 3 weeks . zercepac may also be given once a week for metastatic breast cancer . if you stop using zercepac do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . all doses should be taken at the right time every week or every three weeks ( depending on your dosing schedule ). this helps your medicine work as well as it can . it may take up to 7 months for zercepac to be removed from your body . therefore your doctor may decide to continue to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you have never received firazyr previously , your first dose of firazyr will always be injected by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will tell you when it is safe for you to go home . after discussion with your doctor or nurse and after training in subcutaneous ( under the skin ) injection technique , you may be able to inject yourself with firazyr or your caregiver may inject firazyr for you when you have an hae attack . it is important that firazyr is injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ) as soon as you notice an attack of angioedema . your healthcare provider will teach you and your caregiver how to safely inject firazyr by following the instructions in the package leaflet . when and how often should you use firazyr ? your doctor has determined the exact dose of firazyr and will tell you how often it should be used . adults - the recommended dose of firazyr is one injection ( 3 ml , 30 mg ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ) as soon as you notice the attack of angioedema ( for example increased skin swelling , particularly affecting the face and neck , or increasing tummy pain ). - if you experience no relief of symptoms after 6 hours , you should seek medical advice regarding additional injections of firazyr . for adults , up to 2 additional injections may be given within 24 hours . - you should not have more than 3 injections in a 24 hour period and if you require more than 8 injections in a month , you should seek medical advice . children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years - the recommended dose of firazyr is one injection of 1 ml up to a maximum of 3 ml based on body weight injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ) as soon as you develop symptoms of an angioedema attack ( for example increased skin swelling , particularly affecting the face and neck , increasing tummy pain ). - see section on instructions for use for the dose to inject . - if you are not sure which dose to inject , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - if your symptoms get worse or do not improve , you must seek immediate medical help . how should firazyr be administered ? firazyr is intended for subcutaneous injection ( under the skin ). each syringe should only be used once . firazyr is injected with a short needle into the fatty tissue under the skin in the abdomen ( tummy ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . the following step - by step instructions are intended for : - self - administration ( adults ) - administration by a caregiver or healthcare professional to adults , adolescents or children aged over 2 years ( weighing at least 12 kg ). the instructions include the following main steps : 1 ) general information 2a ) preparing the syringe for children and adolescents ( 2 - 17 years ) weighing 65 kg or less 2b ) preparing the syringe and needle for injection ( all patients ) 3 ) preparing the injection site 4 ) injecting the solution 5 ) disposal of the injection material 30 step - by - step instructions for injection 1 ) general information clean the work area ( surface ) to be used before beginning the process . wash your hands with soap and water . open the tray by peeling back the seal . remove the pre - filled syringe from the tray . remove the cap from the end of the pre - filled syringe by unscrewing the cap . put down the pre - filled syringe after unscrewing the cap . 2a ) preparing the syringe for children and adolescents ( 2 - 17 years ) weighing 65 kg or less : important information for healthcare professionals and caregivers : where the dose is less than 30 mg ( 3 ml ), the following equipment is required to extract the appropriate dose ( see below ): a ) firazyr pre - filled syringe ( containing icatibant solution ) b ) connector ( adapter ) c ) 3 ml graduated syringe the required injection volume in ml should be drawn up in an empty 3 ml graduated syringe ( see table below ). table 1 : dosage regimen for children and adolescents body weight injection volume 12 kg to 25 kg 1 . 0 ml 26 kg to 40 kg 1 . 5 ml 41 kg to 50 kg 2 . 0 ml 51 kg to 65 kg 2 . 5 ml patients weighing more than 65 kg will use the full contents of the pre - filled syringe ( 3 ml ). if you are not sure which volume of solution to extract , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse 1 ) remove the caps on each end of the connector . avoid touching the ends of the connector and syringe tips , to prevent contamination 2 ) screw the connector onto the pre - filled syringe . 3 ) attach the graduated syringe to the other end of the connector ensuring that both connections fit securely . transferring the icatibant solution to the graduated syringe : 1 ) to start transfer of icatibant solution , push the pre - filled syringe plunger ( on far left of below image ). 2 ) if the icatibant solution does not begin to transfer to the graduated syringe , pull slightly on the graduated syringe plunger until the icatibant solution starts to flow into the graduated syringe ( see below image ). 3 ) continue to push on the pre - filled syringe plunger until the required injection volume ( dose ) is transferred to the graduated syringe . refer to table 1 for dosage information . if there is air in the graduated syringe : turn the connected syringes so that the pre - filled syringe is on top ( see below image ). push the plunger of the graduated syringe so that any air is transferred back into the pre - filled syringe ( this step may need to be repeated several times ). withdraw the required volume of icatibant solution . 4 ) remove the pre - filled syringe and connector from the graduated syringe . 5 ) discard the pre - filled syringe and connector into the sharps container . 2b ) preparing the syringe and needle for injection : all patients ( adults , adolescents and children ) remove the needle cap from the blister . remove the seal from the needle cap ( the needle should be still in the needle cap ). grip the syringe firmly . carefully attach the needle to the syringe containing the colourless solution . screw the syringe on the needle still fixed in the needle cap . remove the needle from the needle cap by pulling the syringe . do not pull up on the plunger . the syringe is now ready for injection . 3 ) preparing the injection site choose the injection site . the injection site should be a skin fold on your abdomen approximately 5 - 10 cm ( 2 - 4 inches ) below your navel on either side . this area should be at least 5 cm ( 2 inches ) away from any scars . do not choose an area that is bruised , swollen , or painful . clean the injection site with a rubbing alcohol pad and allow it to dry . 4 ) injecting the solution hold the syringe in one hand between two fingers with your thumb at the bottom of the plunger . make sure that there is no air bubble in the syringe by pressing the plunger until the first drop appears on the tip of the needle . hold syringe between 45 - 90 degrees angle to skin with needle facing the skin . keeping the syringe in one hand , use your other hand to gently hold a fold of skin between your thumb and fingers at the previously disinfected injection site . hold the fold of skin , bring the syringe to the skin and quickly insert the needle into the skin fold . slowly push the plunger of the syringe with a steady hand until all the fluid is injected into the skin and no liquid remains in the syringe . press slowly so that this takes approximately 30 seconds . release the skin fold and gently pull the needle out . 5 ) disposal of the injection material discard the syringe , needle and needle cap into the sharp container for throwing away waste that might hurt others if not handled properly .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of leflunomide zentiva is one 100 mg tablet once daily for the first three days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 10 or 20 mg leflunomide zentiva once daily , depending on the severity of the disease . for psoriatic arthritis : 20 mg leflunomide zentiva once daily . swallow the tablet whole and with plenty of water . it may take about 4 weeks or longer until you start to feel an improvement in your condition . some patients may even still feel further improvements after 4 to 6 months of therapy . you will normally take leflunomide zentiva over long periods of time . if you take more leflunomide zentiva than you should if you take more leflunomide zentiva than you should , contact your doctor or get other medical advice . if possible , take your tablets or the box with you to show the doctor . if you forget to take leflunomide zentiva if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember , unless it is nearly time for your next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . only use rhokiinsa for your eyes ( ocular use ). do not swallow or inject . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the medicine at around the same time each day . how to use wash your hands before you start . do not touch the dropper with your fingers when opening or closing the bottle . it could infect the drops . twist off the bottle cap , and lie the cap on a clean surface on its side . continue to hold the bottle , ensuring that the tip doesn ' t come into contact with anything . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger to form a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . do this in front of a mirror if it helps . do not touch your eye , eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of rhokiinsa into your eye . only put one drop into your eye each time . if a drop misses your eye , try again . if you need to use the drops in both eyes , repeat the steps for your other eye while you have the bottle open . put back the bottle cap to close the bottle . if you are using other eye drops , wait at least five minutes after using them and then use rhokiinsa . if you are using eye ointments , these should be used last . if you use more rhokiinsa than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use rhokiinsa continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not use more than one drop in the affected eye ( s ) once a day . if you stop using rhokiinsa do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you stop using rhokiinsa the pressure in your eye will not be controlled which could lead to loss of sight . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use kentera exactly as your doctor has instructed you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . apply a new kentera patch twice weekly ( every 3 to 4 days ) according to the instructions for use . change the patch on the same two days every week , for example , every sunday and wednesday or monday and thursday . printed on the inside flap of your kentera package , you will find a kentera calendar checklist that will help you to remember your dosing schedule . mark the schedule you plan to follow and remember always to change your patch on the same two days of the week you have chosen 47 on your calendar . make sure to wear only one patch at a time and wear your patch continuously , until it is time to apply a new one . where to apply apply the patch to a clean , dry , smooth area of skin on your abdomen , hips or buttocks . avoid placing the patch in the waistline area to prevent tight clothing from rubbing against the patch . do not expose the patch to the sun . place the patch underneath your clothing . rotate application sites with each new application . do not apply a patch to the same place on your body for at least 1 week . how to apply each patch is individually sealed in a protective sachet . please read all the information below before you begin to apply kentera . to apply kentera : step 1 : choose a spot for the patch that is : - freshly washed , but dry and cool ( wait a few minutes after taking a hot bath or shower ). - free of body powder , lotion , and oil . - free of cuts , rashes or any other skin irritation . step 2 : open the sachet that contains the patch . - tear open along arrows marked on the right side of the sachet as shown in drawing below . - do not cut the sachet with scissors , which might damage the patch inside . - pull the patch out . - apply immediately to your skin ; do not keep or store the patch outside the sealed sachet . step 3 : apply one half of the patch to your skin . - gently bend the patch and remove the first piece of protective liner , which covers the sticky surface of the patch . - without touching the sticky surface , firmly press the patch , adhesive face down , onto the part of the abdomen , hips or buttocks you have selected for application . step 4 : apply the second half of the patch to your skin . - bend the patch back over itself . press down on the liner firmly . - push the liner forward a little to loosen the edge . - grab the loose edge at either corner and peel off the second piece of the liner . try not to touch the sticky surface of the patch . - press the entire patch firmly onto the skin with your fingertips . press for at least 10 seconds to make sure the patch will stay in place . be sure all of it sticks to your skin , even around the edges . - discard the protective liners . bathing , showering , swimming and exercise : you should wear each patch all the time until you apply a new one . baths , showers , swimming and exercise should not affect the patch as long as you don ' t rub the patch as you wash . avoid soaking in a hot bath for a long period of time , which can make the patch come off . if the patch comes off : if the patch starts to lift off your skin , apply a little bit of pressure using your fingertips . the patch is designed to re - stick . very rarely will the patch come off completely . if it does , try putting the same patch back on the same spot . if it sticks firmly all over , leave it on . if not , take it off and put a new patch on a new spot . no matter what day this happens , continue with the twice - a - week schedule that you have marked on your patch box . if you forget to change the patch after 3 - 4 days : as soon as you remember , remove the old patch and apply a new one to a new spot on your abdomen , hips or buttocks . no matter what day this happens , continue with the same twice - a - week schedule for your next patch , even if it means changing the new patch before 3 to 4 days have elapsed . how to remove when changing the patch , remove the old patch slowly . fold it in half ( sticky sides together ) and throw it away to keep out of the reach of children and pets . mild redness may be present at the application site . this redness should disappear within several hours after removal of the patch . if irritation persists , please contact your doctor . gently washing the application site with warm water and a mild soap should remove any adhesive that remains on your skin after removal of the patch . a small amount of baby oil may also be used to remove any excess residue . rings of adhesive that become soiled may require a medical adhesive removal pad that should be available from your pharmacist . alcohol or other strong solvents may cause skin irritation and should not be used . after use the patch still contains substantial quantities of active ingredients . remaining active ingredients of the patch may have harmful effects if reaching the aquatic environment . hence , after removal , the used patch should be folded in half , adhesive side inwards so that the release membrane is not exposed , placed in the original sachet and then discarded safely out of reach of children . any used or unused patches should be discarded according to local requirements or returned to the pharmacy . used patches should not be flushed down the toilet nor placed in liquid waste disposal systems . if you use more kentera than you should the patient should not apply more than one patch at a time . if you forget to use kentera apply a kentera patch as soon as you realise your patch is missing , or you have missed a scheduled day of application . if you stop using kentera your urge incontinence may return and you may have increased urinary frequency if you decide to stop using the patch . continue to use kentera as long as your doctor tells you to . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you have any questions on the use of this medical product .
always take tasmar exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . dose and frequency of administration your doctor should always begin your treatment with the standard dose of 3 times daily 1 tablet ( 100 mg ( 1 tablet )). if benefits are not seen within 3 weeks of the initiation of the treatment , tasmar should be discontinued . to improve efficacy your doctor should only increase the dose to 3 times daily 2 tablets ( 200 mg three times a day ) if the increase in how your parkinson ´ s disease symptoms are controlled outweighs the expected increase in side effects . the side effects at the higher dose can often be severe and affect your liver . if you do not get better at the higher dose after a total of 3 weeks , your doctor should stop your treatment with tasmar . when beginning and during treatment with tasmar , your dose of levodopa may need to be changed . your doctor will advise you what to do . how to take the medication : swallow tasmar with 1 glass of water . do not break or crush the tablets . the first tablet tasmar is to be taken in the morning together with your other parkinsonian medicine ' levodopa '. the following doses of tasmar should be taken 6 and 12 hours later . time of day dose note morning 1 film - coated tablet tasmar together with the first daily dose ´ levodopa ' during the day 1 film - coated tablet tasmar evening 1 film - coated tablet tasmar if you take more tasmar than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or hospital immediately as you may need urgent medical attention . if another person accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital immediately as he or she may need urgent medical attention . symptoms of overdose may include nausea , vomiting , dizziness and breathing difficulties . if you forget to take tasmar take it as soon as you remember , then continue to take it at the usual times . however , if taking the next dose should be directly ahead , do not make up for the forgotten dose .. do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have missed several doses , please inform your doctor and follow the advice given to you if you stop taking tasmar 44 do not reduce or stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you . always follow the instructions of your doctor about the duration of the treatment with tasmar .
your doctor or nurse will give you foscan by a slow injection into a vein , which will take approximately 6 minutes . four days after your injection , your doctor will treat your cancer with laser light . your doctor will cover the normal tissue surrounding your cancer and then shine the laser light directly at the cancer for about 5 minutes . the laser light is not hot and will not burn . if you are given more foscan than you should you may not be given the laser treatment . you may be sensitive to light for more than 15 days . you must follow carefully the instructions on preventing skin burns . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . pretomanid fgk is used in combination with linezolid and bedaquiline . please also read the package leaflets from these medicines . if you have any questions ask your doctor or pharmacist . the recommended dose is pretomanid fgk : 1 tablet once daily linezolid : 1 , 200 mg daily bedaquiline : 400 mg once daily for 2 weeks , followed by 200 mg 3 times per week ( with at least 48 hours between doses ). for example you may take bedaquiline on monday , wednesday and friday every week from week 3 onwards . method of use take pretomanid fgk at the same time as linezolid and bedaquiline . swallow the tablets with a glass of water and take them with food . the tablets are taken under direct observation of a healthcare professional or in accordance with local practice . duration of use the duration of treatment with the combination pretomanid fgk , linezolid and bedaquiline is 26 weeks . your doctor may decide to expand this period or to interrupt dosing to ensure that the treatment is safe and effective for you . if you take more pretomanid fgk than you should contact your doctor straight away and take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take pretomanid fgk do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . any missed dose of pretomanid and bedaquiline is recommended to be made up at the end of treatment . doses of linezolid missed due to linezolid adverse reactions are not recommended to be made up . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you have missed a dose and you are not sure what to do . if you stop taking pretomanid fgk do not stop taking pretomanid fgk or its combination medicines linezolid or bedaquiline without your doctor ' s permission . skipping doses or not completing the full course of therapy may make treatment ineffective and your tuberculosis could get worse . in addition , this would increase the chance that bacteria become resistant to these medicines . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule of urorec 8 mg per day by oral administration . take the capsule always with food , preferably at the same time every day . do not break or chew the capsule , but swallow it whole , preferably with a glass of water . patients with kidney problems if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a different dose . for this purpose urorec 4 mg hard capsules are available . if you take more urorec than you should if you have taken more than one capsule , inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you become dizzy or feel weak , tell your doctor straight away . if you forget to take urorec you may take your capsule later the same day if you have forgotten to take it earlier . if it is almost time for the next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten capsule . if you stop taking urorec if you stop treatment , your symptoms may re - appear . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . dutrebis must be used in combination with other medicines for hiv . how much to take adults , children , and adolescents the recommended dose is 1 tablet twice a day . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole ( do not crush or chew ). this medicine can be taken with or without food or drink . if you take more dutrebis than you should do not take more tablets than the doctor recommends . if you do take too many tablets , contact your doctor . if you forget to take dutrebis if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . if you notice within 6 hours , you must take the tablet immediately . if you notice after 6 hours , then skip the intake and take the next doses as usual . if you stop taking dutrebis it is important that you take dutrebis exactly as your doctor has instructed . do not stop taking it because : it is very important to take all your hiv medicines as prescribed and at the right times of day . this can help your medicines work better . it also lowers the chance that your medicines will stop being able to fight hiv ( also called " drug resistance "). when your supply of dutrebis starts to run low , get more from your doctor or pharmacy . this is because it is very important not to be without the medicine , even for a short time . during a short break in taking the medicine , the amount of virus in your blood may increase . this may mean that the hiv virus will develop resistance to dutrebis and become harder to treat . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
imnovid must be given to you by a doctor with experience in treating multiple myeloma . always take your medicines exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . when to take imnovid with other medicines imnovid with bortezomib and dexamethasone see the leaflets that come with bortezomib and dexamethasone for further information on their use and effects . imnovid , bortezomib and dexamethasone are taken in ' treatment cycles '. each cycle lasts 21 days ( 3 weeks ). look at the chart below to see what to take on each day of the 3 - week cycle : o each day , look down the chart and find the correct day to see which medicines to take . o some days , you take all 3 medicines , some days just 2 or 1 medicines , and some days none at all . imn : imnovid ; bor : bortezomib ; dex : dexamethasone cycle 1 to 8 cycle 9 and onwards medicine name medicine name day imn bor dex day imn bor dex 1 √ √ √ 1 √ √ √ 2 √ √ 2 √ √ 3 √ 3 √ 4 √ √ √ 4 √ 5 √ √ 5 √ 6 √ 6 √ 7 √ 7 √ 8 √ √ √ 8 √ √ √ 9 √ √ 9 √ √ 10 √ 10 √ 11 √ √ √ 11 √ 12 √ √ 12 √ 13 √ 13 √ 14 √ 14 √ 15 15 16 16 17 17 18 18 19 19 20 20 21 21 64 after completing each 3 - week cycle , start a new one . imnovid with dexamethasone only see the leaflet that comes with dexamethasone for further information on its use and effects . imnovid and dexamethasone are taken in ' treatment cycles '. each cycle lasts 28 days ( 4 weeks ). look at the chart below to see what to take on each day of the 4 - week cycle : o each day , look down the chart and find the correct day to see which medicines to take . o some days , you take both medicines , some days just 1 medicine , and some days none at all . imn : imnovid ; dex : dexamethasone medicine name day imn dex 1 √ √ 2 √ 3 √ 4 √ 5 √ 6 √ 7 √ 8 √ √ 9 √ 10 √ 11 √ 12 √ 13 √ 14 √ 15 √ √ 16 √ 17 √ 18 √ 19 √ 20 √ 21 √ 22 √ 23 24 25 26 27 28 after completing each 4 - week cycle , start a new one . how much imnovid to take with other medicines imnovid with bortezomib and dexamethasone the recommended starting dose of imnovid is 4 mg per day . the recommended starting dose of bortezomib will be worked out by your doctor and based on your height and weight ( 1 . 3 mg / m2 body surface area ). the recommended starting dose of dexamethasone is 20 mg per day . however , if you are over 75 , the recommended starting dose is 10 mg per day . imnovid with dexamethasone only the recommended dose of imnovid is 4 mg per day . the recommended starting dose of dexamethasone is 40 mg per day . however , if you are over 75 , the recommended starting dose is 20 mg per day . your doctor may need to reduce the dose of imnovid , bortezomib or dexamethasone or stop one or more of these medicines based on the results of your blood tests , your general condition , other medic ines you may be taking ( e . g . ciprofloxacin , enoxacin and fluvoxamine ) and if you experience side effects ( especially rash or swelling ) from treatment . if you suffer from liver or kidney problems your doctor will check your condition very carefully whilst you are receiving this medicine . how to take imnovid do not break , open or chew the capsules . if powder from a broken imnovid capsule makes contact with the skin , wash the skin immediately and thoroughly with soap and water . swallow the capsules whole , preferably with water . you can take the capsules either with or without food . take imnovid at about the same time each day . to remove the capsule from the blister , press only one end of the capsule out to push it through the foil . do not apply pressure on the centre of the capsule as this can cause it to break . your doctor will advise you of how and when to take imnovid if you have kidney problems and are receiving dialysis treatment . duration of the treatment with imnovid you should continue the cycles of treatment until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more imnovid than you should if you take more imnovid than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take imnovid if you forget to take imnovid on a day when you should , take your next capsule as normal the next day . do not increase the number of capsules you take to make up for not taking imnovid the previous day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin zentiva k . s . is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder take the number of hard capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you to take pregabalin zentiva k . s . either twice or three times a day . for twice a day take pregabalin zentiva k . s . once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . for three times a day take pregabalin zentiva k . s . once in the morning , once in the afternoon and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin zentiva k . s . is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin zentiva k . s . normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin zentiva k . s . until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin zentiva k . s . than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box of pregabalin zentiva k . s . hard capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin zentiva k . s . than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin zentiva k . s . it is important to take your pregabalin zentiva k . s . hard capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin zentiva k . s . do not stop taking pregabalin zentiva k . s . unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term pregabalin treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , headache , nausea , feeling anxious , diarrhoea , flulike symptoms , convulsions , nervousness , depression , pain , sweating , and dizziness . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking pregabalin for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take a tablet at the same time each day . you can take micardisplus with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take micardisplus every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg / 12 . 5 mg once a day . if you take more micardisplus than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets you may experience symptoms such as low blood pressure and rapid heartbeat . slow heartbeat , dizziness , vomiting , reduced kidney function including kidney failure , have also been reported . due to the hydrochlorothiazide component , markedly low blood pressure and low blood levels of potassium can also happen , which may result in nausea , sleepiness and muscle cramps and / or irregular heartbeat associated with the concomitant use of drugs such as digitalis or certain anti - arrhythmic treatments . contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take micardisplus if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines will supervise your lartruvo therapy . premedication you will be given medicines to reduce the risk of an infusion - related reaction before you receive lartruvo . dose and administration the recommended dose of lartruvo is 15 mg per kilogram of your body weight on days 1 and 8 of each 3 - week cycle . lartruvo is given in combination with the medicine doxorubicin for up to 8 cycles and then it is given on its own . the number of infusions that you receive will depend on how well and for how long treatment with lartruvo works and how well you feel . your doctor will discuss this with you . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein via a drip . the drip lasts about 60 minutes . detailed instructions for your doctor or your nurse on how to prepare lartruvo infusion are included at the end of this package leaflet ( see ' handling instructions '). dose adjustments during each infusion , your doctor or nurse will check for side effects . your doctor may also give you a smaller dose or delay your dose of lartruvo if you get serious side effects including a lowering of your white blood cell counts . if you have an infusion - related reaction during treatment , your doctor or nurse may slow down or stop your lartruvo infusion .
always take prasugrel mylan exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of prasugrel is 10 mg per day . you will start the treatment with a single dose of 60 mg . if you weigh less than 60 kg or are more than 75 years of age , the dose is 5 mg prasugrel mylan per day . your doctor will also tell you to take acetylsalicylic acid , and ( s ) he will tell you the exact dose to take ( usually between 75 mg and 325 mg daily ). you may take prasugrel mylan with or without food . take your dose at around the same time every day . do not break or crush the tablet . it is important that you tell your doctor , dentist and pharmacist , that you are taking prasugrel mylan . if you take more prasugrel mylan than you should contact your doctor or hospital straight away , as you may be at risk of excessive bleeding . you should show the doctor your pack of prasugrel mylan . if you forget to take prasugrel mylan if you miss your scheduled daily dose , take prasugrel mylan when you remember . if you forget your dose for an entire day , just resume taking prasugrel mylan at its usual dose the next day . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking prasugrel mylan do not stop taking prasugrel mylan without consulting your doctor ; if you stop taking prasugrel mylan too soon , your risk of a heart attack may be higher . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take zimulti exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 20 mg tablet to be taken once daily in the morning before breakfast . swallow the tablet whole . you need to start and continue a reduced calorie diet and a physical activity program to get best results . your doctor should recommend the type of diet and the level of physical activity required , that suits your specific condition and overall health . taking zimulti with food and drink zimulti should be taken once daily in the morning before breakfast . if you take more zimulti than you should if you take more zimulti than you should tell a doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take zimulti take it as soon as you remember but do not take a double dose to make up for any forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product ask your doctor or your pharmacist .
this medicine is only to be used under appropriate medical supervision of a doctor who is knowledgeable in the treatment of gaucher disease . it is given by a doctor or nurse by intravenous infusion . dose the recommended dose is 60 units / kg given every other week . if you are currently being treated for gaucher disease with another ert and your doctor wants to change you to vpriv , you can initially receive vpriv at the same dose and frequency you had been receiving the other ert . use in children and adolescents vpriv may be given to children and adolescents ( 4 to 17 years of age ) at the same dose and frequency as in adults . use in elderly vpriv may be given to the elderly ( aged over 65 years ) at the same dose and frequency as in adults . response to treatment your doctor will monitor your response to treatment and may change your dose ( up or down ) over time . if you are tolerating your infusions well in the clinic , your doctor or nurse may administer your infusions at home . administration vpriv is supplied in a vial as a packed powder which is mixed with sterile water and further diluted in sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for infusion prior to intravenous infusion . after preparation , your doctor or nurse will give the medicine to you through a drip into a vein ( by intravenous infusion ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take if you are taking edistride for type 2 diabetes : the recommended dose is one 10 mg tablet each day . your doctor may start you on a 5 mg dose if you have a liver problem . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . if you are taking edistride for type 1 diabetes : the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet each day . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with half a glass of water . you can take your tablet with or without food . you can take the tablet at any time of the day . however , try to take it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe edistride together with other medicine ( s ) to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . remember to take these other medicine ( s ) as your doctor has told you . this will help get the best results for your health . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on any diet and exercise program recommended by your doctor while taking edistride . if you take more edistride than you should if you take more edistride tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take edistride what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose , take a dose of edistride as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose of edistride to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking edistride do not stop taking edistride without talking to your doctor first . your blood sugar may increase without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh , depending on the muscle mass . the vaccine should never be given into a vein . infants , children and adolescents from the age of 6 months to 17 years and adults from the age of 18 years : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be given . a second dose of 0 . 5 ml should be given after an interval of at least three weeks .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . ariclaim is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . the usual dose of ariclaim is 60 mg once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . to help you remember to take ariclaim , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking ariclaim . do not stop taking ariclaim , or change your dose , without talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more ariclaim than you should call your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the amount of ariclaim prescribed by your doctor . symptoms of overdose include sleepiness , coma , serotonin syndrome ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits , vomiting and fast heart rate . if you forget to take ariclaim if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take more than the daily amount of ariclaim that has been prescribed for you in one day . if you stop taking ariclaim do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if your doctor thinks that you no longer need ariclaim he or she will ask you to reduce your dose over at least 2 weeks before stopping treatment altogether . some patients who stop taking ariclaim suddenly have had symptoms such as : dizziness , tingling feelings like pins and needles or electric shock - like feelings ( particularly in the head ), sleep disturbances ( vivid dreams , nightmares , inability to sleep ), fatigue , sleepiness , feeling restless or agitated , feeling anxious , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), shaking ( tremor ), headaches , muscle pain , feeling irritable , diarrhoea , excessive sweating or vertigo . these symptoms are usually not serious and disappear within a few days , but if you have symptoms that are troublesome you should ask your doctor for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zynrelef will be applied during surgery by your doctor . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you depending on the type of surgery you are having . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose if you are elderly . your doctor will ensure you have the correct amount of pain relief at all times . if you have been given too much zynrelef serious side effects from getting too much zynrelef need special treatment and the doctor treating you is trained to deal with these situations . seek medical help as soon as possible if you experience any of these early signs of being given too much zynrelef : feeling dizzy or light - headed ; numbness of the lips and around the mouth ; numbness of the tongue ; hearing problems ; problems with your vision . more serious side effects from being given too much zynrelef include problems with your speech , twitching of your muscles , tremors , trembling , fits ( seizures ), and loss of consciousness . if any of these occur , seek medical help immediately .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take the number of tablets following your doctor ' s instructions . matever must be taken twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 16 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking matever , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , your reduced starting dose is 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of matever according to the age , weight and dose . levetiracetam 100mg / ml oral solution is a formulation more appropriate to infants and children under the age of 6 years and to children and adolescents ( from 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg and when tablets don ' t allow accurate dose . method of administration swallow matever tablets with a sufficient quantity of liquid ( e . g . a glass of water ). you may take matever with or without food . after oral administration the bitter taste of levetiracetam may be experienced . duration of treatment matever is used as a chronic treatment . you should continue matever treatment for as long as your doctor has told you . do not stop your treatment without your doctor ' s advice as this could increase your seizures . if you take more matever than you should the possible side effects of an overdose of matever are sleepiness , agitation , aggression , decrease of alertness , inhibition of breathing and coma . contact your doctor if you took more tablets than you should . your doctor will establish the best possible treatment of overdose . if you forget to take matever contact your doctor if you have missed one or more doses . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking matever if stopping treatment matever should be discontinued gradually to avoid an increase of seizures . should your doctor decide to stop your matever treatment , he / she will instruct you about the gradual withdrawal of matever . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
not all patients need to take the same dose of entecavir mylan . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for adults the recommended dose is either 0 . 5 mg or 1 mg once daily orally ( by mouth ). your dose will depend on : whether you have been treated for hbv infection before , and what medicine you received . whether you have kidney problems . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you or instruct you to take it less often than once a day . the condition of your liver . for children and adolescents ( from 2 to less than 18 years of age ), your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . children weighing at least 32 . 6 kg may take the 0 . 5 mg tablet or an entecavir oral solution may be available . for patients weighing from 10 kg to 32 . 5 kg , an entecavir oral solution is recommended . all doses should be taken once daily orally ( by mouth ). there are no recommendations for entecavir in children less than 2 years of age or weighing less than 10 kg . for children and adolescents ( from 2 to less than 18 years of age ), entecavir mylan 0 . 5 mg film - coated tablets are available or an oral solution may be available . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will advise you on the dose that is right for you . always take the dose recommended by your doctor to ensure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to treatment . take entecavir mylan as long as your doctor has told you . your doctor will tell you if and when you should stop the treatment . some patients must take entecavir mylan on an empty stomach ( see entecavir mylan with food and drink in section 2 ). if your doctor instructs you to take entecavir mylan on an empty stomach , empty stomach means at least 2 hours after a meal and at least 2 hours before your next meal . if you take more entecavir mylan than you should contact your doctor at once . if you forget to take entecavir mylan it is important that you do not miss any doses . if you miss a dose of entecavir mylan , take it as soon as possible , and then take your next scheduled dose at its regular time . if it is almost time for your next dose , do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not stop entecavir mylan without your doctor ' s advice some people get very serious hepatitis symptoms when they stop taking entecavir . tell your doctor immediately about any changes in symptoms that you notice after stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with this medicine should be started and supervised by a doctor experienced in the treatment of the disease ( hereditary tyrosinemia type 1 ). the recommended total daily dose is 1 mg / kg body weight administered orally . your doctor will adjust the dose individually . it is recommended to administer the dose once daily . however , due to the limited data in patients with body weight < 20 kg , it is recommended to divide the total daily dose into two daily administrations in this patient population . if you have problems with swallowing the capsules , you may open the capsule and mix the powder with a small amount of water or formula diet just before you take it . if you take more orfadin than you should if you have taken more of this medicine than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take orfadin do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you forget to take a dose , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking orfadin if you have the impression that the medicine is not working properly , talk to your doctor . do not change the dose or stop the treatment without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take the number of tablets following your doctor ' s instructions . levetiracetam ratiopharm must be taken twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 16 years of age ): general dose : between 1000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking levetiracetam ratiopharm , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 1000 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam ratiopharm according to the age , weight and dose . levetiracetam ratiopharm 100 mg / ml oral solution is a formulation more appropriate to infants and children under the age of 6 years and to children and adolescent ( from 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg and when tablets don ' t allow accurate dosage . method of administration swallow levetiracetam ratiopharm film - coated tablets with a sufficient quantity of liquid ( e . g . a glass of water ). you may take levetiracetam ratiopharm with or without food . after oral administration the bitter taste of levetiracetam may be experienced . duration of treatment levetiracetam ratiopharm is used as a chronic treatment . you should continue levetiracetam ratiopharm treatment for as long as your doctor has told you . do not stop your treatment without your doctor ' s advice as this could increase your seizures . if you take more levetiracetam ratiopharm than you should the possible side effects of an overdose of levetiracetam ratiopharm are sleepiness , agitation , aggression , decrease of alertness , inhibition of breathing and coma . contact your doctor if you took more tablets than you should . your doctor will establish the best possible treatment of overdose . if you forget to take levetiracetam ratiopharm contact your doctor if you have missed one or more doses . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking levetiracetam ratiopharm if stopping treatment , levetiracetam ratiopharm should be discontinued gradually to avoid an increase of seizures . should your doctor decide to stop your levetiracetam ratiopharm treatment , he / she will instruct you about the gradual withdrawal of levetiracetam ratiopharm . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of 20 mg pantoprazole daily . you should take this medicine for at least 2 - 3 consecutive days . stop taking pantozol control when you are completely symptom - free . you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day of treatment with pantozol control , but this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . if you have no symptom - relief after taking this medicine for 2 weeks continuously , consult your doctor . do not take pantozol control tablets for more than 4 weeks without consulting your doctor . take the tablet before a meal , at the same time every day . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or break the tablet . if you take more pantozol control than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have taken more than the recommended dose . if possible take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take pantozol control do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . take your next , normal dose , the next day , at your usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg : one tablet each day with food do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you are taking an antacid such as aluminium / magnesium hydroxide , or calcium carbonate , take it at least 2 hours before or at least 4 hours after odefsey . if you are taking an h2 - antagonist such as famotidine , cimetidine , nizatidine or ranitidine , take it at least 12 hours before or at least 4 hours after odefsey . h2 - antagonists can only be taken once a day if you take odefsey . h2 - antagonists should not be taken twice a day . talk to your doctor about an alternative regimen . if you are on dialysis , take your daily dose of odefsey following completion of dialysis . if you take more odefsey than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose of odefsey you may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep or take the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take odefsey it is important not to miss a dose of odefsey . if you do miss a dose : if you notice within 12 hours of the time you usually take odefsey , you must take the tablet as soon as possible . always take the tablet with food . then take the next dose as usual . if you notice 12 hours or more after the time you usually take odefsey , then do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose , with food , at your usual time . if you vomit less than 4 hours after taking odefsey , take another tablet with food . if you vomit more than 4 hours after taking odefsey you do not need to take another tablet until your next regularly scheduled tablet . do not stop taking odefsey do not stop taking odefsey without talking to your doctor . stopping odefsey can seriously affect your response to future treatment . if odefsey is stopped for any reason , speak to your doctor before you restart taking odefsey tablets . when your supply of odefsey starts to run low , get more from your doctor or pharmacist . this is very important because the amount of virus may start to increase if the medicine is stopped for even a short time . the disease may then become harder to treat . if you have both hiv infection and hepatitis b , it is especially important not to stop your odefsey treatment without talking to your doctor first . you may require blood tests for several months after stopping treatment . in some patients with advanced liver disease or cirrhosis , stopping treatment is not recommended as this may lead to worsening of your hepatitis , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately about new or unusual symptoms after you stop treatment , particularly symptoms you associate with hepatitis b infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of grastofil varies depending on your illness and weight . your doctor will tell you how much grastofil you should take . dose grastofil and neutropenia ( low number of a type of white blood cells ) associated with chemotherapy the usual dose is 0 . 5 million units ( 5 micrograms ) per kilogram of bodyweight each day . for example , if you weigh 60 kilograms your daily dose will be 30 million units ( 300 micrograms ). your treatment with grastofil will usually last for about 14 days . in some disease types , however , longer treatment lasting up to about one month may be required . grastofil and bone marrow transplantation the usual starting dose is 1 million units ( 10 micrograms ) per kilogram of bodyweight each day given as an infusion . for example , if you weigh 60 kilograms your daily dose will be 60 million units ( 600 micrograms ). you will normally receive your first dose of grastofil at least 24 hours after your chemotherapy and at least 24 hours after receiving your bone marrow transplant . your doctor may then test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and how long it should last . grastofil and severe chronic neutropenia ( low number of a type of white blood cells ) the usual starting dose is between 0 . 5 million units ( 5 micrograms ) and 1 . 2 million units ( 12 micrograms ) per kilogram bodyweight each day in a single or divided dose . your doctor may then test your blood to see how well your treatment with grastofil is working and to find the dose that is best for you . long - term treatment with grastofil is required for reduction in neutropenia . grastofil and neutropenia ( low number of a type of white blood cells ) in patients with hiv infection the usual starting dose is between 0 . 1 million units ( 1 micrograms ) and 0 . 4 million units ( 4 micrograms ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor may test your blood at regular intervals to see how well the grastofil treatment is working . once the number of white cells in your blood has returned to normal it may be possible to reduce the dose frequency to less than once per day . long term treatment with grastofil may be required to maintain a normal number of white cells in your blood . grastofil and peripheral blood stem cell transplantation ( stem cells collected from the blood to use in bone marrow transplantation ) if you are donating stem cells for yourself , the usual dose is 0 . 5 million units ( 5 micrograms ) to 1 million units ( 10 micrograms ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . grastofil treatment will last for up to 2 weeks . your doctor will monitor your blood to determine the best time to collect the stem cells . if you are acting as a stem cell donor for another person , the usual dose is 1 million units ( 10 micrograms ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . grastofil treatment will last for 4 to 5 days . your doctor will perform regular blood tests to determine the best time to collect the stem cells . how grastofil is given grastofil is usually given as a daily injection into the tissue just under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). if you are receiving this medicine by subcutaneous injection , your doctor may suggest that you learn how to give yourself the injections . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this ( see information below on instructions for injecting grastofil ). do not attempt to self - administer without this training . some of the information you require is given at the end of this leaflet , but proper treatment of your disease requires close and constant co - operation with your doctor . how long will i have to take grastofil ? you will need to take grastofil until your white blood cell count is normal . regular blood tests will be taken to monitor the number of white blood cells in your body . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take grastofil . use in children and adolescents grastofil is used to treat children and adolescents who are receiving chemotherapy or who suffer from severe low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ). the dosing in children and adolescents receiving chemotherapy is the same as for adults . instructions for injecting grastofil this section contains information on how to give yourself an injection of grastofil . important : do not try to give yourself an injection unless you have received training from your doctor or nurse . grastofil is injected into the tissue just under the skin . this is known as a subcutaneuous injection . equipment that you need to give yourself a subcutaneous injection you will need : a new pre - filled syringe of grastofil ; and alcohol wipes or similar . what should i do before i give myself a subcutaneous injection of grastofil ? 1 . remove the syringe from the refrigerator . leave the syringe at room temperature ( 15ºc to 25 ºc ) for approximately 30 minutes or hold the pre - filled syringe gently in your hand for a few minutes . this will make the injection more comfortable . do not warm grastofil in any other way ( for example , do not warm it in a microwave or in hot water ). 2 . do not shake the pre - filled syringe . 3 . do not remove the needle cover until you are ready to inject . 4 . wash your hands thoroughly . 5 . find a comfortable , well - lit , clean surface and put all the equipment you need within reach . how do i prepare my grastofil injection ? before you inject grastofil you must do the following : 1 . to avoid bending the needle , gently pull the cover from the needle without twisting . 2 . do not touch the needle or push the plunger . 3 . you may notice a small air bubble in the pre - filled syringe . you do not need to remove the air bubble before injecting . injecting the solution with the air bubble is harmless . 4 . the grastofil syringe has a scale on the syringe barrel . hold the syringe with the needle pointing up . push the plunger up slowly to the number ( given in ml ) that matches the dose of grastofil which your doctor has prescribed . 5 . you can now use the pre - filed syringe , where should i give my injection ? the best places to inject are the top of the thighs and the abdomen . if someone else is injecting you , they can also use the back of your arms . you may change the injection site if you notice the area is red or sore . how do i give my injection ? 1 . disinfect your skin by using an alcohol wipe and pinch ( without squeezing ) the skin between your thumb and forefinger . 2 . put the needle fully into the skin as shown by your nurse or doctor . 3 . pull slightly on the plunger to check that a blood vessel has not been punctured . if you see blood in the syringe , pull the needle out and re - insert it in another place . 4 . push the plunger with a slow constant pressure , always keeping your skin pinched , until the syringe is empty . 5 . remove the needle and let go of your skin . do not put the cover back on used needles , as you may accidentally prick yourself . 6 . if you notice a spot of blood you may gently dab it away with a cotton ball or tissue . do not rub the injection site . if needed , you may cover the injection site with a plaster . 7 . only use each syringe for one injection . do not use any grastofil that may be left in the syringe . remember : if you have any problems , please ask your doctor or nurse for help and advice . if you use more grastofil than you should if you use more grastofil than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use grastofil if you have missed an injection , contact your doctor as soon as possible . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten injection . contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
not all patients need to take the same dose of entecavir accord . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for adults the recommended dose is either 0 . 5 mg or 1 mg once daily orally ( by mouth ). your dose will depend on : whether you have been treated for hbv infection before , and what medicine you received . whether you have kidney problems . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you or instruct you to take it less often than once a day . the condition of your liver . for children and adolescents ( from 2 to less than 18 years of age ), entecavir accord 0 . 5 mg tablets are available or an entecavir oral solution may be available . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . children weighing at least 32 . 6 kg may take the 0 . 5 mg tablet or an entecavir oral solution may be available . for patients weighing from 10 kg to 32 . 5 kg , an entecavir oral solution is recommended . all dosing will be taken once daily orally ( by mouth ). there are no recommendations for entecavir in children less than 2 years of age or weighing less than 10 kg . your doctor will advise you on the dose that is right for you . always take the dose recommended by your doctor to ensure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to treatment . take entecavir accord as long as your doctor has told you . your doctor will tell you if and when you should stop the treatment . some patients must take entecavir accord on an empty stomach ( see entecavir accord with food and drink in section 2 ). if your doctor instructs you to take entecavir accord on an empty stomach , empty stomach means at least 2 hours after a meal and at least 2 hours before your next meal . entecavir accord is only available as 0 . 5 and 1 mg film - coated tablets . for patients who are not able to swallow tablets or for whom a dose reduction is recommended , other entecavir - containing products with more suitable formulations may be available . if you take more entecavir accord than you should contact your doctor at once . if you forget to take entecavir accord it is important that you do not miss any doses . if you miss a dose of entecavir accord , take it as soon as possible , and then take your next scheduled dose at its regular time . if it is almost time for your next dose , do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not stop entecavir accord without your doctor ' s advice some people get very serious hepatitis symptoms when they stop taking entecavir accord . tell your doctor immediately about any changes in symptoms that you notice after stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . remove your twynsta tablet from the blister only directly prior to intake . you can take twynsta with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed one 40 mg / 5 mg tablet or one 40 mg / 10 mg tablet per day . if you take more twynsta than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . you might experience low blood pressure and rapid heart beat . slow heart beat , dizziness , reduced kidney function including kidney failure , marked and prolonged low blood pressure including shock and death have also been reported . if you forget to take twynsta if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking twynsta it is important that you take twynsta every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of twynsta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
use in adults always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 300 mg each day . take caprelsa about the same time each day . caprelsa may be taken with or without food . use in children the doctor will tell you how many tablets of caprelsa to give to your child . the amount of caprelsa given will depend on your child ' s body weight and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 300 mg . the treatment may either be given to your child as a once - daily dose , an every other day dosing or a repeating 7 - day schedule as indicated in the dosing guide that has been given to you by your doctor . it is important that you keep this dosing guide and show it to your caregiver . if you have trouble swallowing the tablet if you have trouble swallowing the tablet , you can mix it with water as follows : take half a glass of still ( non - carbonated ) water . only use water , do not use any other liquids . put the tablet into the water . stir the tablet until it has dispersed into the water . this may take about 10 minutes . then drink it straight away . to make sure there is no medicine left , refill the glass halfway with water and drink it . if you get side effects if you get side effects always tell your doctor . your doctor may tell you to take caprelsa at a lower or increased dose ( such as two 100 mg tablets or one 100 mg tablet ). your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control your side effects . the side effects of caprelsa are listed in section 4 . if you take more caprelsa than you should if you take more caprelsa than you have been prescribed , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to take caprelsa what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take the missed tablet as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the normal time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the normal time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose . the normal starting dose is 0 . 5 mg before each main meal . swallow the tablets with a glass of water immediately before or up to 30 minutes before each main meal . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by up to 4 mg to be taken immediately before or up to 30 minutes before each main meal . the maximum recommended daily dose is 16 mg . do not take more repaglinide krka than your doctor has recommended . if you take more repaglinide krka than you should if you take too many tablets , your blood sugar may become too low , leading to a hypo . please see if you get a hypo on what a hypo is and how to treat it . if you forget to take repaglinide krka if you miss a dose , take the next dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking repaglinide krka be aware that the desired effect is not achieved if you stop taking repaglinide krka . your diabetes may get worse . if any change of your treatment is necessary contact your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide the dose of benefix you will receive . this dose and duration will depend upon your individual needs for replacement factor ix therapy and how quickly your body uses up factor ix , which will be checked regularly . you may notice a difference in the dose you receive if you are changing from a plasma - derived factor ix product to benefix . your doctor may decide to change the dose of benefix you receive during your treatment . reconstitution and administration the procedures below are provided as guidelines for the reconstitution and administration of benefix . patients should follow the specific venipuncture procedures provided by their doctor . benefix is administered by intravenous ( iv ) infusion after reconstitution of the powder for injection with the supplied solvent ( a sodium chloride ( salt ) solution ) in the pre - filled syringe . always wash your hands prior to performing the following procedures . aseptic technique ( meaning clean and germ free ) should be used during the reconstitution procedure . reconstitution : benefix will be administered by intravenous infusion ( iv ) after reconstitution with sterile solvent for injection . 1 . allow the vial of lyophilised ( freeze - dried ) benefix and the pre - filled syringe to reach room temperature . 2 . remove the plastic flip - top cap from the benefix vial to expose the central portion of the rubber stopper . 3 . wipe the top of the vial with an alcohol swab provided , or use another antiseptic solution and allow to dry . after cleaning do not touch the rubber stopper with your hand or allow it to touch any surface . 4 . peel back the lid from the clear plastic vial adapter package . do not remove the adapter from the package . 5 . place the vial on a flat surface . while holding the adapter in the package , place the vial adapter over the vial . press down firmly on the package until the adapter snaps into place on top of the vial , with the adapter spike penetrating the vial stopper . 6 . lift the package away from the adapter and discard the package . 7 . attach the plunger rod to the solvent syringe by pushing and turning firmly . 8 . break off the tamper - resistant plastic tip cap from the solvent syringe by snapping the perforation of the cap . this is done by bending the cap up and down until the perforation is broken . do not touch the inside of the cap or the syringe tip . the cap may need to be replaced ( if not administering reconstituted benefix immediately ), so set it aside by placing it on its top . 9 . place the vial on a flat surface . connect the solvent syringe to the vial adapter by inserting the tip of the syringe into the adapter opening while firmly pushing and turning the syringe clockwise until the connection is secured . 10 . slowly depress the plunger rod to inject all the solvent into the benefix vial 28 11 . with the syringe still connected to the adapter , gently rotate the vial until the powder is dissolved . 12 . the final solution should be inspected visually for fine particles before administration . the solution should appear clear and colourless . note : if you use more than one vial of benefix per infusion , each vial should be reconstituted as per the previous instructions . the solvent syringe should be removed , leaving the vial adapter in place , and a separate large luer lock ( a device that connects the syringe to the vial ) syringe may be used to draw back the reconstituted contents of each individual vial . 13 . ensuring that the syringe plunger rod is still fully depressed , invert the vial . slowly draw back all the solution into the syringe . 14 . detach the syringe from the vial adapter by gently pulling and turning the syringe counter - clockwise . discard the vial with the adapter attached . note : if the solution is not to be used immediately , the syringe cap should be carefully replaced . do not touch the syringe tip or the inside of the cap . benefix should be administered immediately or within 3 hours after reconstitution . the reconstituted solution may be stored at room temperature prior to administration . administration ( intravenous injection ): benefix should be administered using the pre - filled solvent syringe provided or a single sterile disposable plastic luer lock syringe . in addition , the solution should be withdrawn from the vial using the vial adapter . benefix should be injected intravenously over several minutes . your doctor may change your recommended infusion rate to make the infusion more comfortable . there have been reports of clumping ( agglutination ) of red blood cells in the tube / syringe with the administration of benefix . no side effects have been reported in association with this observation . to minimize the possibility of agglutination , it is important to limit the amount of blood entering the tubing . blood should not enter the syringe . if clumping of red blood cells in the tubing / syringe is observed , discard all this material ( tubing , syringe and benefix solution ) and resume administration with a new package . because the use of benefix by continuous infusion ( drip ) has not been evaluated , benefix should not be mixed with infusion solutions or be given in a drip . please dispose of all unused solution , empty vials and used needles and syringes in an appropriate container for throwing away waste as it may hurt others if not handled properly . if you take more benefix than you should please contact your doctor immediately if you inject more benefix than your doctor recommends . if you stop taking benefix do not stop taking benefix without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . xeloda should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of xeloda is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 1 . 7 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . your doctor will tell you what dose you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may want you to take a combination of 150 mg and 500 mg tablets for each dose . take the tablets morning and evening as prescribed by your doctor . take the tablets within 30 minutes after the end of a meal ( breakfast and dinner ) and swallow whole with water . do not crush or cut tablets . if you cannot swallow xeloda tablets whole , tell your healthcare provider . it is important that you take all your medicine as prescribed by your doctor . xeloda tablets are usually taken for 14 days followed by a 7 day rest period ( when no tablets are taken ). this 21 day period is one treatment cycle . in combination with other medicines the usual dose for adults may be less than 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area , and you may need to take the tablets over a different time period ( e . g . every day , with no rest period ). if you take more xeloda than you should if you take more xeloda than you should , contact your doctor as soon as possible before taking the next dose . you might get the following side effects if you take a lot more capecitabine than you should : feeling or being sick , diarrhoea , inflammation or ulceration of the gut or mouth , pain or bleeding from the 44 intestine or stomach , or bone marrow depression ( reduction in certain kinds of blood cells ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . if you forget to take xeloda do not take the missed dose at all . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . instead , continue your regular dosing schedule and check with your doctor . if you stop taking xeloda there are no side effects caused by stopping treatment with capecitabine . in case you are using coumarin anticoagulants ( containing e . g . phenprocoumon ), stopping capecitabine might require that your doctor adjusts your anticoagulant dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is two 1 mg tablets twice a day ( about every 12 hours ). patients of asian ancestry and patients with liver disease may need a lower starting dose ( one 1 mg tablet twice a day ). after you have started treatment , your doctor may change your dose . this will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest recommended dose is 30 mg twice a day . isturisa tablets are taken by mouth and can be taken with or without food . if you take more isturisa than you should if you have taken more isturisa than you should and you feel unwell ( for example if you feel weak , light - headed , tired or sick , or if you have to vomit ), or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be needed . if you forget to take isturisa do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . instead , just wait until it is time for your next dose and take that at the scheduled time . if you stop taking isturisa do not stop taking isturisa unless your doctor tells you to . if you stop your treatment with isturisa , your symptoms may come back .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the initial dose is usually one tablet ( 8 mg naltrexone hydrochloride / 90 mg bupropion hydrochloride ) once a day in the morning . the dose will be gradually adapted as follows : week 1 : one tablet once a day in the morning week 2 : two tablets every day , one in the morning and one in the evening week 3 : three tablets every day , two in the morning and one in the evening week 4 and onward : four tablets every day , two in the morning and two in the evening the maximum recommended daily dose of mysimba is two tablets taken twice a day . after 16 weeks and each year after your treatment initiation , your doctor will evaluate whether you should continue to take mysimba . if you have problems with your liver or kidney , or if you are older than 65 , and depending on the severity of your problems , your doctor may carefully consider whether this medicine is suitable for you or recommend that you take a different dose , and monitor you more closely for potential side effects . your doctor may test your blood before initiating treatment with mysimba if you have high blood sugar ( diabetes ) or if you are older than 65 , so that your doctor can decide if you should take this medicine or if you need to take a different dose . this medicine is for oral use . swallow your tablets whole . do not cut them , chew them or crush them . the tablets should preferably be taken with food . if you take more mysimba than you should if you take too many tablets , you may be more likely to have a fit or other side effects similar to those described in section 4 below . do not delay , contact your doctor or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take mysimba skip the missed dose and take your next dose at the next usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking mysimba you may need to take mysimba for at least 16 weeks to have its full effect . do not stop taking mysimba without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you will receive bavencio in a hospital or clinic , under the supervision of an experienced doctor . how much bavencio you will receive the recommended dose of avelumab is 800 mg every 2 weeks . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . how you will receive bavencio you will receive bavencio as an infusion ( a drip ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 1 hour . bavencio will be added to an infusion bag containing a sodium chloride solution before use . before you receive bavencio for at least the first 4 treatments , you will receive paracetamol and an antihistamine before being given bavencio , to help to prevent possible side effects related to the infusion . depending on how your body responds to treatment , your doctor may decide to continue giving you these medicines before all of your bavencio treatments . if you miss a dose of bavencio it is very important for you to keep all your appointments to receive bavencio . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you stop receiving bavencio do not stop treatment with bavencio unless you have discussed this with your doctor . stopping your treatment may stop the effect of the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
how much oxlumo is given your doctor will work out how much medicine to give you . the dose will depend on how much you weigh . your doctor will adjust your dose as your weight changes . you will receive your first doses ( loading doses ) once a month for 3 months . you will then start maintenance dosing one month after the last loading dose . body weight less than 10 kg loading doses : 6 mg for every kg of your weight , given once a month for 3 months . maintenance dosing : 3 mg for every kg of your weight , given once every month . body weight from 10 kg to less than 20 kg loading doses : 6 mg for every kg of your weight , given once a month for 3 months . maintenance dosing : 6 mg for every kg of your weight , given once every 3 months . body weight 20 kg or more loading doses : 3 mg for every kg of your weight , given once a month for 3 months . maintenance dosing : 3 mg for every kg of your weight , given once every 3 months . how oxlumo is given this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) into your stomach area ( abdomen ), or in some cases , your upper arm or thigh . you will be given the injection in a different spot from one injection to the next . depending on your dose , more than one subcutaneous injection may need to be given . your doctor or nurse will not inject into skin areas that are scarred , reddened , inflamed , or swollen . if you are given too much oxlumo in the unlikely event that your doctor or nurse gives you too much ( an overdose ) they will check you for side effects . if you miss your dose of oxlumo if you miss a dose of oxlumo , talk to your doctor or nurse as soon as possible about when to get your next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule ( i . e . micrograms of linaclotide ) taken orally once a day . the capsule should be taken at least 30 minutes before a meal . if you have not experienced improvement in your symptoms after 4 weeks of treatment , you should contact your doctor . if you take more constella than you should the most likely effect of taking too much constella is diarrhoea . contact your doctor or pharmacist if you have taken too much of this medicine . if you forget to take constella do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take the next dose at the scheduled time and continue as normal . if you stop taking constella it is preferable to discuss stopping treatment with your doctor before actually doing so . however , treatment with constella can be safely stopped at any time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid accord is given the usual single dose given is 4 mg zoledronic acid . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid accord is given if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid accord every three to four weeks . if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given one infusion of zoledronic acid accord . how zoledronic acid accord is given zoledronic acid accord is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 15 minutes and should be administered as a single intravenous solution in a separate infusion line . patients whose blood calcium levels are not too high will also be prescribed calcium and vitamin d supplements to be taken each day . if you are given more zoledronic acid accord than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because you may develop serum electrolyte abnormalities ( e . g . abnormal levels of calcium , phosphorus and magnesium ) and / or changes in kidney function , including severe kidney impairment . if your level of calcium falls too low , you may have to be given supplemental calcium by infusion . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 micrograms given once daily by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thigh or abdomen . to help you remember to use your medicine , inject it at about the same time each day . inject livogiva each day for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . the total duration of treatment with livogiva should not exceed 24 months . you should not receive more than one treatment course of 24 months over your lifetime . your doctor may advise you to use livogiva with calcium and vitamin d . your doctor will tell you how much you should take each day . read the user manual , which is included in the carton for instructions on how to use the livogiva pen . injection needles are not included with the pen . pen needles 29 to 31 gauge ( diameter 0 . 25 - 0 . 33 mm ) can be used . you should use your livogiva injection shortly after you take the pen out of the refrigerator as described in the user manual . put the pen back into the refrigerator immediately after you have used it . use a new injection needle for each injection and dispose of it after each use . never store your pen with the needle attached . never share your livogiva pen with others . livogiva can be given with or without food . if you use more livogiva than you should if , by mistake , you have used more livogiva than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist . the effects of overdose that might be expected include nausea , vomiting , dizziness , and headache . if you forget or cannot take livogiva at your usual time , use it as soon as possible on that day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not use more than one injection in the same day . do not try to make up for a missed dose . if you stop taking livogiva if you are considering stopping livogiva treatment , please discuss this with your doctor . your doctor will advise you and decide how long you should be treated with livogiva . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
uptravi should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of pah . always take uptravi exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure or have any questions . tell your doctor if you experience side effects , as your doctor may recommend that you change your uptravi dose . tell your doctor if you are taking other medications as your doctor may recommend that you take uptravi only once daily . if you have poor vision or experience any type of blindness , get help from another person when taking uptravi during the titration period . finding the right dose for you at the start of treatment , you will take the lowest dose . this is one 200 microgram tablet in the morning and another 200 microgram tablet in the evening . treatment should be initiated in the evening . your doctor will instruct you to gradually increase your dose . this is called titration . it lets your body adjust to the new medicine . the goal of titration is to reach the most appropriate dose . this will be the highest dose you can tolerate , which may reach the maximum dose of 1 , 600 micrograms in the morning and in the evening . the first pack of tablets you receive will contain the light - yellow 200 microgram tablets . your doctor will tell you to increase your dose in steps , usually every week but the interval between increases could be longer . with each step , you will add one 200 microgram tablet to your morning dose and another 200 microgram tablet to your evening dose . the first intake of the increased dose should be in the evening . the diagram below shows the number of tablets to take every morning and every evening for the first 4 steps . if your doctor instructs you to further increase your dose and move to step 5 , this may be done by taking one green 800 microgram tablet and one light - yellow 200 microgram tablet in the morning and one 800 microgram tablet and one 200 microgram tablet in the evening . if your doctor tells you to increase your dose further , you will add one 200 microgram tablet to your morning dose and one 200 microgram tablet to your evening dose with each new step . the first intake of the increased dose should be in the evening . the maximum dose of uptravi is 1 , 600 micrograms in the morning and 1 , 600 micrograms in the evening . however , not every patient will reach this dose , because different patients require different doses . the diagram below shows the number of tablets to take every morning and every evening at each step , starting with step 5 . the titration pack also contains a titration guide providing information on the titration process and allowing you to record the number of tablets you take every day . remember to record the number of tablets you take every day in your titration diary . the titration steps usually last about 1 week . if your doctor instructs you to prolong each titration step longer than 1 week , there are additional diary pages to allow you to track this . remember to talk to your pah doctor or nurse regularly during titration . stepping down to a lower dose due to side effects during titration , you may experience side effects such as headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), jaw pain , muscle pain , leg pain , joint pain , or reddening of the face ( see section 4 ). if these side effects are difficult for you to tolerate , talk to your doctor about how to manage or treat them . there are treatments available that can help relieve the side effects . for example , painkillers such as paracetamol may help treat pain and headache . if the side effects cannot be treated or do not gradually get better on the dose you are taking , your doctor may adjust your dose by reducing the number of 200 microgram light - yellow tablets you take by one in the morning and by one in the evening . the diagram below shows stepping down to a lower dose . do this only if instructed to do so by your doctor . if your side effects are manageable after stepping down your dose , your doctor may decide that you should stay on that dose . please see section maintenance dose below for more information . maintenance dose the highest dose that you can tolerate during titration will become your maintenance dose . your maintenance dose is the dose you should continue to take on a regular basis . your doctor will prescribe a suitable tablet strength for your maintenance dose . this allows you to take one tablet in the morning and one in the evening , instead of multiple tablets each time . for a full description of uptravi tablets , including colours and marking , please see section 6 of this leaflet . over time , your doctor may adjust your maintenance dose as needed . if , at any time , after taking the same dose for a long time , you experience side effects that you cannot tolerate or side effects that have an impact on your normal daily activities , contact your doctor as your dose may need to be reduced . the doctor may then prescribe you a lower single - tablet strength . please remember to dispose of unused tablets ( see section 5 ). take uptravi once in the morning and once in the evening , about 12 hours apart . take the tablets with meals as you might tolerate your medicine better . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more uptravi than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , ask your doctor for advice . if you forget to take uptravi if you forget to take uptravi , take a dose as soon as you remember , then continue to take your tablets at the usual times . if it is nearly time for your next dose ( within 6 hours before you would normally take it ), you should skip the missed dose and continue to take your medicine at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking uptravi suddenly stopping your treatment with uptravi might lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking uptravi unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping completely . if , for any reason , you stop taking uptravi for more than 3 consecutive days ( if you missed 3 morning and 3 evening doses , or 6 doses in a row or more ), contact your doctor immediately as your dose may need to be adjusted to avoid side effects . your doctor may decide to restart your treatment on a lower dose , gradually increasing to your previous maintenance dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the tablet should be taken at least one hour before or two hours after the ingestion of food . the usual dose is one tablet of tarceva 150 mg each day if you have non - small cell lung cancer . the usual dose is one tablet of tarceva 100 mg each day if you have metastatic pancreatic cancer . tarceva is given in combination with gemcitabine treatment . your doctor may adjust your dose in 50 mg steps . for the different dose regimens tarceva is available in strengths of 25 mg , 100 mg or 150 mg . if you take more tarceva than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . you may have increased side effects and your doctor may interrupt your treatment . if you forget to take tarceva if you miss one or more doses of tarceva , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tarceva it is important to keep taking tarceva every day , as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how is ratiograstim given and much should i take ? ratiograstim is usually given as a daily injection into the tissue just under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). the usual dose varies depending on your illness and weight . your doctor will tell you how much ratiograstim you should take . patients having a bone marrow transplant after chemotherapy : you will normally receive your first dose of ratiogratsim at least 24 hours after your chemotherapy and at least 24 hours after receiving your bone marrow transplant . you , or people caring for you , can be taught how to give subcutaneous injections so that you can continue your treatment at home . however , you should not attempt this unless you have been properly trained first by your health care provider . how long will i have to take ratiograstim ? you will need to take ratiograstim until your white blood cell count is normal . regular blood tests will be taken to monitor the number of white blood cells in your body . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take ratiograstim . use in children 46 ratiograstim is used to treat children who are receiving chemotherapy or who suffer from severe low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ). the dosing in children receiving chemotherapy is the same as for adults . if you use more ratiograstim than you should do not increase the dose your doctor has given you . if you use more ratiograstim than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use ratiograstim if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , contact your doctor as soon as possible . do not take a double dose to make up for any missed doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . zurampic must always be taken together with your morning dose of either allopurinol or febuxostat . failure to follow these instructions may increase the risk of kidney side effects ( see section 4 ). how much to take the recommended dose is 1 tablet of 200 mg once a day in the morning . do not take more than one ( 1 ) tablet of zurampic per day . taking this medicine - take in the morning with food and water - take zurampic at the same time as your morning dose of ' xanthine oxidase inhibitor ' medicine allopurinol or febuxostat . if you take zurampic on its own you may be more likely to get kidney problems - drink plenty of water during the day . two litres is a good amount to drink . if you stop taking your xanthine oxidase inhibitor medicine , you must also stop taking zurampic . zurampic must never be taken without a ' xanthine oxidase inhibitor ' medicine . failure to follow these instructions may increase the risk of kidney side effects . if you take more zurampic than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital . if you forget to take zurampic if you miss a dose of zurampic , do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . wait and take your next dose of zurampic with your next morning dose of allopurinol or febuxostat . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure about how to take your next dose . if you stop taking zurampic do not stop taking zurampic without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is for hospital use only . there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . lymphoseek will only be used in special controlled areas . this product will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained to use it safely . these people will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide the quantity of lymphoseek to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult ranges from 18 . 5 to 74 mbq ( megabecquerel , the unit used to express radioactivity ). the dose may be divided up into smaller amounts . this means that the doctor can make more than one injection in the area around the tumour . before administration of lymphoseek you should : follow the instructions of your doctor or nuclear medicine doctor . administration of lymphoseek and conduct of the procedure lymphoseek is injected under the skin , under the nipple , or in or around the tumour . the place depends on the type of tumour . lymphoseek is given either the day before or on the day of your procedure . duration of the procedure your nuclear medicine doctor will inform you about the usual duration of the procedure . the nuclear medicine doctor uses a special camera to find lymphoseek . the surgeon uses the pictures taken to see where the sentinel lymph nodes are located . the surgeon will also use a machine that finds the 99mtc part of the medicine . the 99mtc shows the surgeon where the sentinel lymph nodes are located . when the sentinel lymph node is found , the surgeon removes it . if there is more than one sentinel lymph node , they will remove these nodes as well . the sentinel lymph nodes are then checked to see if cancer cells have spread to them . what to do after adminstration of lymphoseek the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more lymphoseek than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . even if you feel better , do not stop taking darunavir krka d . d . and cobicistat or ritonavir without talking to your doctor . after therapy has been initiated , the dose or dosage form must not be changed or therapy must not be stopped without instruction of the doctor . darunavir krka d . d . and 800 milligram tablets are only to be used to construct the once daily 800 milligram regimen . this product is only available as film coated tablets and is thus not suitable for patients who are unable to swallow intact tablets , for example young children . for use in these patients , more suitable formulations containing darunavir should be checked for their availability . dose for adults who have not taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your doctor will determine this ) the usual dose of darunavir krka d . d . is 800 milligram ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir krka d . d . or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir krka d . d .) once daily . you must take darunavir krka d . d . every day and always in combination with 150 milligram of cobicistat or 100 milligram of ritonavir and with food . darunavir krka d . d . cannot work properly without cobicistat or ritonavir and food . you must eat a meal or a snack within 30 minutes prior to taking your darunavir krka d . d . and cobicistat or ritonavir . the type of food is not important . even if you feel better , do not stop taking darunavir krka d . d . and cobicistat or ritonavir without talking to your doctor . instructions for adults take two 400 milligram tablets at the same time or one 800 miligram tablet , once a day , every day . take darunavir krka d . d . always together with 150 milligram of cobicistat or100 milligram of ritonavir . take darunavir krka d . d . with food . swallow the tablets with a drink such as water or milk . take your other hiv medicines used in combination with darunavir krka d . d . and cobicistat or ritonavir as recommended by your doctor . dose for adults who have taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your doctor will determine this ) maybe you will require a different dose of darunavir krka d . d . which cannot be administered with these 400 or 800 milligram tablets . other strengths of darunavir krka d . d . are available . the dose is either : 800 milligram darunavir krka d . d . ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir krka d . d . or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir krka d . d .) together with 150 milligram cobicistat or 100 milligram ritonavir once daily . or 600 milligram darunavir krka d . d . ( 1 tablet containing 600 milligram of darunavir krka d . d .) together with 100 milligram ritonavir twice daily . please discuss with your doctor which dose is right for you . dose for children 3 years of age and above , weighing more than 40 kilograms who have not taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your child ' s doctor will determine this ) the usual dose of darunavir krka d . d . is 800 milligram ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir krka d . d . or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir krka d . d .) together with 100 milligram ritonavir once daily . dose for children 3 years of age and above , weighing more than 40 kilograms who have taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your child ' s doctor will determine this ) the dose is either : 800 milligram darunavir krka d . d . ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir krka d . d . or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir krka d . d .) together with 100 milligram ritonavir once daily . or 600 milligram darunavir krka d . d . ( 1 tablet containing 600 milligram of darunavir krka d . d .) together with 100 milligram ritonavir twice daily . please discuss with your doctor which dose is right for you . instructions for children 3 years of age and above , weighing more than 40 kilograms take 800 milligram darunavir krka d . d . ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir krka d . d . or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir krka d . d .) at the same time , once a day , every day . take darunavir krka d . d . always together with 100 milligram of ritonavir . take darunavir krka d . d . with food . swallow the tablets with a drink such as water or milk . take your other hiv medicines used in combination with darunavir krka d . d . and ritonavir as recommended by your doctor . if you take more darunavir krka d . d . than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take darunavir krka d . d . if you notice within 12 hours , you must take the tablets immediately . always take with cobicistat or ritonavir and food . if you notice after 12 hours , then skip the intake and take the next doses as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not stop taking darunavir krka d . d . without talking to your doctor first anti - hiv medicines may make you feel better . even when you feel better , do not stop taking darunavir krka d . d .. talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets , with some water . lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can be taken with or without food . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . stay in regular contact with your doctor lamivudine teva pharma b . v . helps to control your condition . you need to keep taking it every day to stop your illness getting worse . you may still develop other infections and illnesses linked to hiv infection . keep in touch with your doctor , and do not stop taking lamivudine teva pharma b . v . without your doctor ' s advice . how much to take adults , adolescents and children who weigh at least 25 kg the usual dose of lamivudine teva pharma b . v . is 300 mg a day . this can be taken as either one 150 mg tablet twice a day ( leaving approximately 12 hours between each dose ), or two 150 mg tablets once a day as advised by your doctor . children weighing at least 20 kg and less than 25 kg the usual dose of lamivudine teva pharma b . v . is 225 mg a day . this can be given as 75 mg ( half a 150 mg tablet ) in the morning and 150 mg ( one whole 150 mg tablet ) in the evening , or 225 mg ( one and a half 150 mg tablets ) once a day as advised by your doctor . children weighing at least 14 kg and less than 20 kg the usual dose of lamivudine teva pharma b . v . is 150 mg a day . this can be given as 75 mg ( half a 150 mg tablet ) twice a day ( leaving approximately 12 hours between each dose ), or 150 mg ( one 150 mg tablet ) once a day as advised by your doctor . an oral solution is also available for the treatment of children over 3 months of age , or for people who need a lower dose than usual , or who cannot take tablets . if you or your child has a kidney problem , your dose may be altered . talk to your doctor if this applies to you or your child . if you take more lamivudine teva pharma b . v . than you should accidentally taking too much lamivudine teva pharma b . v . is unlikely to cause any serious problems . if you take too much , tell your doctor or your pharmacist , or contact your nearest hospital emergency department for further advice . if you forget to take lamivudine teva pharma b . v . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . then continue your treatment as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take pravafenix exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . - before starting taking pravafenix , you should be on a diet to lower your cholesterol . - you should keep to this diet while taking pravafenix 34 the usual dose is one capsule taken daily during the evening meal . swallow the capsule with water . it is important to take the capsule with food , as it won ' t work as well if your stomach is empty . when your doctor has prescribed pravafenix along with colestyramine or any other bile acid binding resins ( medicines for lowering cholesterol ), take pravafenix 1 hour before , or 4 to 6 hours after the resin . this is because colestyramine or other bile acid binding resins frequently reduce the absorption of medicines when taken too closely together and so may impede the absorption of pravafenix . if you take indigestion remedies ( used to neutralise acid in your stomach ), take pravafenix 1 hour after . if you take more pravafenix than you should please contact your doctor or pharmacist if you forget to take pravafenix do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose , just take your normal amount of pravafenix at the usual time the next day . if you stop taking pravafenix do not stop taking pravafenix without first discussing it with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how the vaccine is given the doctor or nurse will give cervarix as an injection into the muscle of the upper arm . how much is given cervarix is intended for use from 9 years of age onwards . the total number of injections you will receive depends on your age at the time of the first injection . if you are between 9 and 14 years old you will receive 2 injections : first injection : at chosen date second injection : given between 5 and 13 months after first injection if you are 15 years old or above you will receive 3 injections : first injection : at chosen date second injection : 1 month after first injection third injection : 6 months after first injection if necessary , the vaccination schedule can be more flexible . please speak to your doctor for more information . when cervarix is given for the first dose , it is recommended that cervarix ( and not another vaccine against hpv ) be given for the complete vaccination course . cervarix is not recommended for use below 9 years of age . the vaccine should never be given into a vein . if you miss a dose it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor or nurse regarding return visits . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice . if you do not finish the complete vaccination course ( two or three injections depending on your age at vaccination ), you may not get the best response and protection from the vaccination .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the dose is one tablet a day . it does not matter what time of day you take your tablet but taking the tablet at the same time each day will help you remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . if you wish you may take a glass of water with it . do not break or crush the tablet before taking it . a broken or crushed tablet may taste bad and there is a possibility that you will receive an incorrect dose . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take optruma . the doctor may also advise you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements . if you take more optruma than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more optruma than you should you could have leg cramps and dizziness . if you forget to take optruma take a tablet as soon as you remember and then continue as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet dose . if you stop taking optruma you should talk to your doctor first . it is important that you continue taking optruma for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine , optruma can treat or prevent your osteoporosis only if you continue to take the tablets . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you will only be given simulect if you are receiving a new kidney . simulect is given twice , in hospital , either slowly through a needle in your vein as an infusion lasting 2030 minutes or as an intravenous injection using a syringe . if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction to simulect or if you had complications after your surgery such as graft loss , the second dose of simulect should not be given to you . the first dose is given just before the transplant operation , and the second dose 4 days after the operation . usual dose for adults the usual dose for adults is 20 mg in each infusion or injection . usual dose for children and adolescents ( aged 1 to 17 years ) - for children and adolescents who weigh 35 kg or more , the dose of simulect given in each infusion or injection is 20 mg . - for children and adolescents who weigh less than 35 kg , the dose of simulect given in each infusion or injection is 10 mg . if you are given too much simulect an overdose of simulect is not likely to cause side effects straight away , but it may weaken your immune system for longer . your doctor will watch out for any effects on your immune system and treat them if necessary .
vyxeos liposomal must be given to you by a doctor or nurse with experience in treating aml . it is given to you as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . the infusion is given over one and a half hours ( 90 minutes ). your doctor or nurse will work out your dose of the medicine based on your weight and height . your treatment will be given in ' courses '. each course is given as a separate infusion and can be given weeks apart . you will receive a first course of treatment and your doctor will decide if you will receive further courses of treatment depending on how you respond to treatment and any side effects you get . your doctor will assess how you respond to treatment after each course . during your first course - you will have an infusion on days 1 , 3 , and 5 . on further courses - you will have an infusion on days 1 and 3 . this can be repeated if necessary . while you are receiving treatment with vyxeos liposomal your doctor will perform regular blood tests to assess how you respond to the treatment and to check it is well tolerated . your doctor may also check your heart as vyxeos liposomal may affect it . if you are given too much vyxeos liposomal this medicine will be given to you in a hospital by a doctor or nurse . it is unlikely that you will be given too much , however , tell your doctor or nurse if you have any concerns . if you miss an appointment contact your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose for adults is 10 mg just before going to bed , or after you have gone to bed and you are having difficulty falling asleep . you should not take a second dose within a single night . there are different doses for people who are 65 or older , and those who have mild to moderate liver problems : 65 or older : take one 5 mg capsule mild to moderate liver problems : take one 5 mg capsule sonata has been designed , so that if the contents of the capsule are dissolved in liquid , the liquid will change colour and become cloudy . if you take more sonata than you should contact a doctor immediately and say how many capsules you have taken . do not go unaccompanied to seek medical help . if an overdose has been taken you may become increasingly drowsy very quickly , with high doses probably leading to a coma . if you forget to take sonata just take your next capsule at the usual time , then go on as before . do not try and catch up on the doses you have missed . if you stop taking sonata on stopping treatment , your original sleeplessness may return and you may experience symptoms such as mood changes , anxiety , and restlessness . if you suffer from these symptoms , ask your doctor for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you are not sure . this medicine must be used in combination with other medicines for hiv . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 tablet once a day . if you take certain medicines , your doctor may need to change the amount of doravirine you take . see " other medicines and pifeltro " section for a list of medicines . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole ( do not crush or chew ). this medicine can be taken with food or between meals . if you take more pifeltro than you should do not take more than the recommended dose . if you accidentally take more , contact your doctor . if you forget to take pifeltro it is important that you do not miss or skip doses of this medicine . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . but if your next dose is due within 12 hours , skip the dose you missed and take the next one at the usual time . then continue your treatment as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you are not sure what to do , call your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking pifeltro do not run out of this medicine . refill your prescription or talk to your doctor before it is all gone . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food adolescents and children 6 years of age and older , who weigh at least 25 kg : one tablet each day with food do not chew or crush the tablet . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , you can split it in half . take both halves of the tablet one after the other to get the full dose . do not store the split tablet . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . do not take antacids or multivitamins at the same time as genvoya . if you are taking an antacid such as aluminium / magnesium hydroxide or a multivitamin supplement , take it at least 4 hours before or at least 4 hours after genvoya . if you are on dialysis , take your daily dose of genvoya following completion of dialysis . if you take more genvoya than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose of genvoya you may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take genvoya it is important not to miss a dose of genvoya . if you do miss a dose : if you notice within 18 hours of the time you usually take genvoya , you must take the tablet as soon as possible . always take the tablet with food . then take the next dose as usual . if you notice 18 hours or more after the time you usually take genvoya , then do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose , with food , at your usual time . if you vomit less than 1 hour after taking genvoya , take another tablet with food . do not stop taking genvoya do not stop taking genvoya without talking to your doctor . stopping genvoya can seriously affect your response to future treatment . if genvoya is stopped for any reason , speak to your doctor before you restart taking genvoya tablets . when your supply of genvoya starts to run low , get more from your doctor or pharmacist . this is very important because the amount of virus may start to increase if the medicine is stopped for even a short time . the disease may then become harder to treat . if you have both hiv infection and hepatitis b , it is especially important not to stop your genvoya treatment without talking to your doctor first . you may require blood tests for several months after stopping treatment . in some patients with advanced liver disease or cirrhosis , stopping treatment is not recommended as this may lead to worsening of your hepatitis , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately about new or unusual symptoms after you stop treatment , particularly symptoms you associate with hepatitis b infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take raptiva exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosing for adults ( 18 - 64 years ) and the elderly (≥ 65 years ) the usual dose is an initial single injection of 0 . 7 mg / kg followed by weekly injections of 1 . 0 mg / kg . your doctor will tell you how much you should inject . the duration of therapy is 12 weeks . therapy may be continued only in patients who responded to treatment , your doctor will discuss with you the extent of your response to treatment . method and route of administration raptiva is injected just under the skin ( subcutaneous ). it is for single use only . the injection can be self - administered or given by another person , for example a family member or your doctor . you should continue to inject raptiva as long as instructed to do so by your doctor . the vial of powder is designed to be reconstituted ( mixed ) with the solvent . if you administer raptiva , please read the following instructions carefully and follow then step by step : wash your hands . it is important that your hands and items you use be as clean as possible . take the raptiva out of the refrigerator and lay out on a clean surface everything you need : o one vial containing the raptiva powder o one pre - filled syringe containing the solvent o one easymix adapter for reconstitution o two alcohol swabs o one needle for subcutaneous injection , and o a sharps container remove the protective cap from the raptiva vial and from the solvent pre - filled syringe . wipe the top of the vial with an alcohol swab . holding the easymix outer cover , carefully peel back and remove the protective film using the tab . this will expose a plastic spiked end that you will use to pierce the vial . you should not touch this area . holding the easymix outer cover , place it on top of the vial , then press down so that the plastic spiked end pierces the rubber stopper on the vial . ensure the easymix adapter is firmly attached to the vial , before removing the outer cover . pull off the cap covering the pre - filled syringe tip . attach the pre - filled syringe containing the solvent to the easymix adapter with a ' push and twist ' action . very slowly push down on the syringe plunger to inject all the solvent into the raptiva vial . without removing the syringe , gently rotate the vial to dissolve the medicine in the solvent . do not shake ( shaking will cause foaming of the raptiva solution ). generally reconstitution takes less than 5 minutes . after the powder has dissolved , check the resulting solution for particles and discoloration . the reconstituted solution should be clear to pale yellow and free of particles . no other medicines should be added to the solution containing raptiva and raptiva should not be reconstituted with other solvents . turn the vial upside down , with the syringe still attached . withdraw the solution slowly into the syringe , taking more than the dose you need . some foam or bubbles may remain in the vial . with the syringe still attached to the vial , check the syringe for air bubbles . gently tap the syringe to make any bubbles rise to the top of the syringe . gently push the plunger up until the dose to be given remains in the syringe . this will also push the bubbles out of the syringe and into the vial . if you eject too much raptiva back into the vial , simply repeat the drawing up process and continue . check you have the right dose , then remove the syringe from the easymix adapter using a ' twist and pull ' action . you are now ready to attach the injection needle . take the injection needle and , with its shield still in place , carefully screw it on to the syringe tip . you are now ready to select and prepare your injection site . your doctor or nurse will have already advised you where to inject . sites for self - injection include the buttocks , thigh , abdomen or upper arm . the injection sites should be rotated . wipe the chosen area with an alcohol swab . remove the shield from the injection needle . immediately inject the solution as follows : firmly pinch the skin together and insert the needle at a 45 ° to 90 ° angle using a dart - like motion . inject under the skin , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a vein . pull back the plunger very slightly . if blood comes into the syringe , the needle has entered a blood vessel . do not inject but withdraw the needle and repeat the injection procedure . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . take as much time as you need to inject all the solution . immediately withdraw the needle and clean the skin with an alcohol swab using a circular motion . dispose of all used items : once you have finished your injection , immediately discard all needles and empty glass containers in a sharps container . any unused solution must be discarded . if you use more raptiva than you should if you have injected more raptiva than told by your doctor , please contact your doctor or pharmacist . it is recommended that you are monitored for any signs or symptoms of adverse effects and that you are given appropriate symptomatic treatment immediately . if you forget to use raptiva do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor if you forget to take 2 or more doses of raptiva . if you stop using raptiva if you discontinue treatment with raptiva without substitution treatment , your psoriasis may significantly worsen . ( see " take special care with raptiva ") in case re - treatment with raptiva is needed you should follow the guidance of your doctor . re - treatment may be associated with lower or inadequate response to raptiva than in the earlier treatment periods . therapy should be continued only when adequate response is observed . your doctor will advise you what to do when insufficient response to treatment or worsening of your disease is observed . ( see also under take special care with raptiva ) if you have any further questions on the use of the product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with refacto af should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . your doctor will decide the dose of refacto af you will receive . this dose and duration will depend upon your individual needs for replacement factor viii therapy . refacto af is given by injection into a vein lasting several minutes . patients or their carers can give injections of refacto af , provided that they have been trained appropriately . during your treatment , your doctor may decide to change the dose of refacto af you receive . consult with your health care provider before you travel . you should bring enough of your factor viii product for anticipated treatment when travelling . it is recommended that every time you use refacto af , you record the name on the carton and batch number of the product . you can use one of the peel - off labels found on the vial to document the batch number in your diary or for reporting any side effects . reconstitution and administration the procedures below are provided as guidelines for the reconstitution and administration of refacto af . patients should follow the specific reconstitution and administration procedures provided by their doctors . use only the pre - filled syringe provided in the box for reconstitution . other sterile disposable syringes may be used for administration . refacto af is administered by intravenous ( iv ) infusion after reconstitution of the lyophilised powder for injection with the supplied solvent [ sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution ] syringe . refacto af should not be mixed with other infusion solutions . always wash your hands before performing the following reconstitution and administration procedures . aseptic technique ( meaning clean and germ - free ) should be used during the reconstitution procedure . reconstitution : 1 . allow the vial of lyophilised refacto af and the pre - filled solvent syringe to reach room temperature . 2 . remove the plastic flip - top cap from the refacto af vial to expose the central portion of the rubber stopper . 3 . wipe the top of the vial with the alcohol swab provided , or use another antiseptic solution and allow to dry . after cleaning , do not touch the rubber stopper with your hand or allow it to touch any surface . 4 . peel back the lid from the clear plastic vial adapter package . do not remove the adapter from the package . 5 . place the vial on a flat surface . while holding the adapter package , place the vial adapter over the vial . press down firmly on the package until the adapter snaps into place on top of the vial , with the adapter spike penetrating the vial stopper . 6 . lift the package away from the adapter and discard the package . 7 . attach the plunger rod to the solvent syringe by inserting the rod into the opening in the syringe stopper and pushing and turning the rod firmly until it is securely seated in the stopper . 8 . break off the tamper - resistant plastic tip cap from the solvent syringe by snapping the perforation of the cap . this is done by bending the cap up and down until the perforation is broken . do not touch the inside of the cap or the syringe tip . the cap may need to be replaced ( if not administering reconstituted refacto af immediately ), so set it aside by placing it on its top . 9 . place the vial on a flat surface . connect the solvent syringe to the vial adapter by inserting the tip of the syringe into the adapter opening while firmly pushing and turning the syringe clockwise until the connection is secured . 10 . slowly depress the plunger rod to inject all the solvent into the refacto af vial . 11 . with the syringe still connected to the adapter , gently rotate the vial until the powder is dissolved . 12 . the final solution must be inspected visually for particulate matter before administration . the solution will appear clear to slightly opalescent and colourless . note : if you use more than one vial of refacto af per infusion , each vial should be reconstituted as per the previous instructions . the solvent syringe should be removed , leaving the vial adapter in place , and a single large luer lock syringe may be used to draw back the reconstituted contents of each of the individual vials . 13 . ensuring that the syringe plunger rod is still fully depressed , invert the vial . slowly draw back all the solution through the vial adapter into the syringe . 14 . detach the syringe from the vial adapter by gently pulling and turning the syringe counter - clockwise . discard the vial with the adapter attached . note : if the solution is not to be used immediately , the syringe cap is to be carefully replaced . do not touch the syringe tip or the inside of the cap . refacto af must be used within 3 hours of reconstitution . the reconstituted solution may be stored at room temperature prior to administration . administration ( intravenous infusion ): refacto af should be administered using the infusion set provided in this kit and the pre - filled solvent syringe provided or a single sterile disposable plastic luer lock syringe . 1 . attach the syringe to the luer end of the infusion set tubing . 2 . apply a tourniquet and prepare the injection site by wiping the skin well with an alcohol swab provided in the kit . 3 . insert the needle on the infusion set tubing into the vein as instructed by your doctor , and remove the tourniquet . remove any air in the infusion set tubing by drawing back on the syringe . the reconstituted product is to be injected intravenously over several minutes . your doctor may change your recommended infusion rate to make the infusion more comfortable . please dispose of all unused solution , the empty vial ( s ) and the used needles and syringes in an appropriate container for throwing away of medical waste as these materials may hurt others if not disposed of properly . if you use more refacto af than you should check with your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop using refacto af do not stop using refacto af without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor has prescribed imatinib teva b . v . because you suffer from a serious condition . imatinib teva b . v . can help you to fight this condition . however , always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking imatinib teva b . v . unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much imatinib teva b . v . to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of imatinib teva b . v . to take . - if you are being treated for cml : the usual starting dose is 600 mg to be taken as 6 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for gist : the starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . for cml and gist , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if your daily dose is 800 mg ( 8 tablets ), you should take 4 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . - if you are being treated for ph - positive all : the starting dose is 600 mg to be taken as 6 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 400 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . - if you are being treated for dfsp : 82 the dose is 800 mg per day ( 8 tablets ), to be taken as 4 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of imatinib teva b . v . to give to your child . the amount of imatinib teva b . v . given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 800 mg with cml and 600 mg with ph + all . the treatment can either be given to your child as a once - daily dose or alternatively the daily dose can be split into two administrations ( half in the morning and half in the evening ). when and how to take imatinib teva b . v . - take imatinib teva b . v . with a meal . this will help protect you from stomach problems when taking imatinib teva b . v . - swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : use about 50 ml for each 100 mg tablet . stir with a spoon until the tablets have completely dissolved . once the tablet has dissolved , drink everything in the glass straight away . traces of the dissolved tablets may be left behind in the glass . the tablet can be divided into equal doses . how long to take imatinib teva b . v . keep taking imatinib teva b . v . every day for as long as your doctor tells you . if you take more imatinib teva b . v . than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take imatinib teva b . v . - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the sublingual tablets are taken using the zalviso administration device , which is a system that delivers a single dose upon activation . after receiving a dose you will not be able to release another dose for 20 minutes and you will not be able to take more than 3 doses in one hour . the device will work for 3 days ( 72 hours ), which is also the maximum recommended duration of your treatment . zalviso is placed under the tongue using the zalviso administration device . you can control your treatment and should only activate the device when in need of pain relief . the tablets dissolve under your tongue and should not be crushed , chewed , or swallowed . you should not eat or drink and should talk as little as possible for 10 minutes after each dose . zalviso is only to be taken in a hospital setting . it is only prescribed by physicians who are experienced in the use of strong pain killers like zalviso and know the effects it may have on you , in particular on your breathing ( see " warnings and precautions " above ). do not use the device if any component is visibly damaged . after your treatment the medical staff will take the zalviso administration device and dispose of any unused tablets accordingly . the device is constructed so that you will not be able to open it . if you take more zalviso than you should the administration device will make you wait 20 minutes between doses to prevent you from taking more zalviso than you should . however , symptoms of overdose include severe breathing problems like slow and shallow breathing , loss of conciousness , extreme low blood pressure , collapse and muscle rigidity . if these start to develop , tell a doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
nimenrix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . nimenrix is always injected into a muscle , usually in the upper arm or thigh . primary immunisation infants from 6 weeks to less than 6 months of age two injections given 2 months apart at e . g . 2 and 4 months of age ( the first injection may be given from the age of 6 weeks ). infants from 6 months of age , children , adolescents and adults one injection . booster doses infants from 6 weeks to less than 12 months of age : one booster dose at 12 months of age , at least 2 months after the last dose of nimenrix . previously vaccinated individuals 12 months of age and older : please tell your doctor if you have received a previous injection with another meningococcal vaccine than nimenrix . your doctor will tell you if and when you need an additional dose of nimenrix , especially if you or your child : received your first dose at age 6 - 14 months and could be at particular risk of infection caused by neisseria meningitidis types w - 135 and y received your dose more than approximately one year ago and could be at risk of infection caused by neisseria meningitidis type a received your first dose at age 12 - 23 months and could be at particular risk of infection caused by neisseria meningitidis types a , c , w - 135 and y you will be informed when you or your child should come back for the next injection . if you or your child misses a scheduled injection , it is important that you make another appointment . make sure you or your child finishes the complete vaccination course . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
sonovue is given to you by medical or healthcare professionals who are experienced in this type of examination . for ultrasound scan of heart or your blood vessels and / or tissues of the liver and breast in adults : the dose to be administered into a vein will be calculated for you depending on which part of your body is being examined . the recommended dose is 2 or 2 . 4 ml per patient . this dose might be repeated if needed up to 4 . 8 ml . for ultrasound scan of urinary tract in children the recommended dose is 1 ml per patient to be administered into the bladder as follows : after emptying the bladder , a saline solution will be introduced into the bladder via a thin tube . sonovue will then be administered through the thin tube and will be followed by administration of 22 saline to continue filling the bladder . the filling and emptying of the bladder with saline solution may be repeated if needed . if you have a serious pulmonary or cardiac condition you will be under close medical supervision during and for at least 30 minutes after the injection of sonovue . if you are given more sonovue than you should overdose is not likely to happen since sonovue is given by a doctor . in the case of overdose the doctor will take appropriate action .
trumenba will be given to you or your child by a doctor , pharmacist or nurse . it will be injected into the upper arm muscle . it is important to follow the instructions from the doctor , pharmacist or nurse so that you or your child completes the course of injections . individuals 10 years and older - you or your child will receive 2 injections of the vaccine , the second injection is given 6 months after the first injection . - you or your child will receive 2 injections of the vaccine given at least 1 month apart and a third injection at least 4 months after the second injection . - you or your child may be given a booster .
treatment with esbriet should be started and overseen by a specialist doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of ipf . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your medicine will usually be given to you in increasing doses as follows : for the first 7 days take 1 capsule , 3 times a day with food ( a total of 801 mg / day ) 87 from day 8 to 14 take 2 capsules , 3 times a day with food ( a total of 1 , 602 mg / day ) from day 15 onwards ( maintenance ), take 3 capsules , 3 times a day with food ( a total of 2 , 403 mg / day ). the recommended maintenance daily dose of esbriet is 3 capsules three times a day with food , for a total of 2403 mg / day . swallow the capsules whole with a drink of water , during or after a meal to reduce the risk of side effects such as nausea ( feeling sick ) and dizziness . if symptoms continue , see your doctor . dose reduction due to side effects your doctor may reduce your dose if you suffer from side effects such as , stomach problems , any skin reactions to sunlight or sun lamps , or significant changes to your liver enzymes . if you take more esbriet than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nearest hospital casualty department immediately if you have taken more capsules than you should , and take your medicine with you . if you forget to take esbriet if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . each dose should be separated by at least 3 hours . do not take more capsules each day than your prescribed daily dose . if you stop taking esbriet in some situations , your doctor may advise you to stop taking esbriet . if for any reason you have to stop taking esbriet for more than 14 consecutive days , your doctor will restart your treatment with 1 capsule 3 times a day , gradually increasing this to 3 capsules 3 times a day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take desloratadine teva . if your allergic rhinitis is intermittent ( presence of symptoms for less than 4 days per week or for less than 4 weeks ), your doctor will recommend you a treatment schedule that will depend on the evaluation of the history of your disease . if your allergic rhinitis is persistent ( presence of symptoms for 4 days or more per week and for more than 4 weeks ), your doctor may recommend you a longer term treatment . for urticaria , the duration of treatment may be variable from patient to patient and therefore you should follow the instructions of your doctor . if you take more desloratadine teva than you should take desloratadine teva only as it is prescribed for you . no serious problems are expected with accidental overdose . however , if you take more desloratadine teva than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take desloratadine teva if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible and then go back to your regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking desloratadine teva if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
children under the age of 18 must not take parareg . always take parareg exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . your doctor will tell you how much parareg you must take . parareg must be taken orally , with or shortly after food . the tablets must be taken whole and are not to be divided . your doctor will take regular blood samples during treatment to monitor your progress and will adjust your dose if necessary . if you are being treated for secondary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose for parareg is 30 mg ( one tablet ) once per day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose for parareg is 30 mg ( one tablet ) twice per day . if you take more parareg than you should if you take more parareg than you should you must contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take parareg do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten doses . if you have forgotten a dose of parareg , you should take your next dose as normal . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . myalepta is an injection once a day under the skin (' subcutaneous injection '). this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above , adolescents and adults with generalised lipodystrophy ; it is also for use in children aged 12 years and above , adolescents and adults with partial lipodystrophy . while using this medicine , you or your child will be monitored by your doctor , who will decide the dose you or your child should use . your doctor may decide that you inject yourself . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to prepare and inject this medicine . do not try to prepare the medicine or inject yourself if you have not been trained . how much to inject your dose of myalepta may change over time depending on how this medicine works for you . the myalepta powder is dissolved by mixing it with water for injections to make the solution for injecting . read the " instructions for use " ( see section 7 ) for how to make the solution before injecting . your doctor will have prescribed the correct dose for you , based on the following : if you weigh 40 kg or less : − a starting dose is 0 . 06 mg ( 0 . 012 ml of solution ) for each kilogram of body weight . if you are male and weigh more than 40 kg : − a starting dose is 2 . 5 mg ( 0 . 5 ml of solution ). if you are female and weigh more than 40 kg : − a starting dose is 5 mg ( 1 ml of solution ). your doctor or pharmacist will tell you how much of the solution to inject . if you are not sure how much of the solution to inject , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before injecting . the syringe you need to use to inject this medicine depends on the dose prescribed for you . o your pharmacist will give you the correct syringe for injecting . o see the " instructions for use " to find out which syringe to use . to know how much medicine to inject ( in ml ), you divide your dose ( in mg ) by 5 . o for example , if you have been prescribed a 5 mg dose of myalepta , 5 mg divided by 5 gives you 1 ml which is the amount you need to inject of the solution , using a 1 ml syringe . if your dose is 1 . 50 mg ( 0 . 30 ml of solution ) or less , you will need to use a 0 . 3 ml syringe . o the 0 . 3 ml syringe will show the injection amount in ' unit ' instead of ' ml '. see the " instructions for use " ( section 7 ) for more information on reading and using the different syringes . o to know how much solution to inject ( in units ), divide your dose ( in mg ) by 5 , and then times it by 100 . if you need to inject 1 ml or more of myalepta solution , your doctor might tell you to give the dose as two separate injections . this can help make the injections more comfortable . you must use a clean syringe and needle for both injections . if you are not sure how much of the solution to inject , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before injecting . when small doses / volumes are prescribed ( e . g . in children ), the vials will remain almost completely filled with product after withdrawal of the required dose . remaining solution should be discarded after use . if you use more myalepta than you should if you use more myalepta than you should , talk to your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you forget to use myalepta if you forget to inject a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . then have your normal dose the next day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have injected less myalepta than you should , talk to your doctor straight away . your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you stop using myalepta do not stop using myalepta without talking to your doctor . your doctor will decide if you should stop using this medicine . if you need to stop using myalepta , your doctor will gradually reduce the dose over two weeks . see section 2 " how to stop using myalepta " for more information . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
this medicine is administered by your doctor or other health care professional . your doctor will tell you when you need your next injection . it is important not to miss your scheduled dose . if you cannot keep your appointment with the doctor , make sure you call him right away so another appointment can be made as soon as possible . you will receive the first injection ( 150 mg ) and second injection ( 100 mg ) of this medicine in the upper arm approximately one week apart . thereafter , you will receive an injection ( ranging from 25 mg to 150 mg ) in either the upper arm or buttocks once a month . if your doctor is switching you from risperidone long acting injection to this medicine , you will receive the first injection of this medicine ( ranging from 25 mg to 150 mg ) in either the upper arm or buttocks on the date that your next injection was scheduled . thereafter , you will receive an injection ( ranging from 25 mg to 150 mg ) in either the upper arm or buttocks once a month . depending on your symptoms , your doctor may increase or decrease the amount of medicine you receive by one dose level at the time of your scheduled monthly injection . patients with kidney problems your doctor may adjust your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have mild kidney problems your doctor may give you a lower dose . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems this medicine should not be used . elderly your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine if your kidney function is reduced . if you are given more xeplion than needed this medicine will be given to you under medical supervision ; it is , therefore , unlikely that you will be given too much . patients who have been given too much paliperidone may experience the following symptoms : drowsiness or sedation , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , an abnormal electrocardiogram ( electrical tracing of the heart ), or slow or abnormal movements of the face , body , arms or legs . if you stop using xeplion if you stop receiving your injections , you will lose the effects of the medicine . you should not stop using this medicine unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take clopidogrel teva generics b . v . exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel teva generics b . v . ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva generics b . v . per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel teva generics b . v . for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel teva generics b . v . than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel teva generics b . v . if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva generics b . v ., but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet dose . for the 28x1 tablets pack size , you can check the day on which you last took the tablet by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva generics b . v . do not stop the treatment . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of pemetrexed accord is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed accord powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed accord by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed accord has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteriods : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed accord treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1000 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed accord . you must take at least 5 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed accord . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed accord . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 1000 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed accord and then approximately every 9 weeks ( corresponding to 3 courses of pemetrexed accord treatment ). vitamin b12 and folic acid are given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
pedea will only be given to your baby in a special neonatal intensive care unit by qualified healthcare professional . a course of therapy is defined as three intravenous injections of pedea given at 24 hour intervals . the dose to be administered will be calculated from the weight of your baby . it is 10 mg / kg for the first administration and 5 mg / kg for the second and the third administrations . this calculated amount will be given by infusion in a vein over a period of 15 minutes . if after this first course of treatment , the ductus arteriosus is not closed or re - opens , your baby ' s doctor may decide to give a second course of treatment . if after the second course of treatment , the ductus arteriosus is still not closed , a surgery may then be proposed .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . taking lacosamide ucb take lacosamide ucb twice each day - once in the morning and once in the evening . try to take it at about the same time each day . swallow the lacosamide ucb tablet with a glass of water . you may take lacosamide ucb with or without food . you will usually start by taking a low dose each day and your doctor will slowly increase this over a number of weeks . when you reach the dose that works for you , this is called the " maintenance dose ", you then take the same amount each day . lacosamide ucb is used as a long term treatment . you should continue to take lacosamide ucb until your doctor tells you to stop . how much to take listed below are the normal recommended doses of lacosamide ucb for different age groups and weights . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have problems with your kidneys or with your liver . adolescents and children weighing 50 kg or more and adults when you take lacosamide ucb on its own the usual starting dose of lacosamide ucb is 50 mg twice a day . your doctor may also prescribe a starting dose of 100 mg of lacosamide ucb twice a day . your doctor may increase your twice daily dose every week by 50 mg . this will be until you reach a maintenance dose between 100 mg and 300 mg twice a day . when you take lacosamide ucb with other antiepileptic medicines the usual starting dose of lacosamide ucb is 50 mg twice a day . your doctor may increase your twice daily dose every week by 50 mg . this will be until you reach a maintenance dose between 100 mg and 200 mg twice a day . if you weigh 50 kg or more , your doctor may decide to start lacosamide ucb treatment with a single " loading " dose of 200 mg . you would then start your ongoing maintenance dose 12 hours later . children and adolescent weighing less than 50 kg the dose depends on their body weight . they usually start treatment with the syrup and only change to tablets if they are able to take tablets and get the correct dose with the different tablet strengths . the doctor will prescribe the formulation that is best suited to them . if you take more lacosamide ucb than you should if you have taken more lacosamide ucb than you should , contact your doctor immediately . do not try to drive . you may experience : dizziness ; feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ); fits ( seizures ), heart beat problems such a slow , fast or irregular heart beat , coma or a fall in blood pressure with rapid heartbeat and sweating . if you forget to take lacosamide ucb if you have missed a dose within the first 6 hours of the scheduled dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you have missed a dose beyond the first 6 hours of the scheduled dose , do not take the missed tablet anymore . instead take lacosamide ucb at the next time that you would normally take it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lacosamide ucb do not stop taking lacosamide ucb without talking to your doctor , as your epilepsy may come back again or become worse . if your doctor decides to stop your treatment with lacosamide ucb , they will tell you how to decrease the dose step by step . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the recommended dosage for adults , adolescents and children aged 3 years of age and older is a total of 2 injections of 0 . 5 ml each : the first injection on day 0 the second injection 28 days after the first injection ( day 28 ). adults aged 18 to ≤ 65 years can also be vaccinated as follows : the first injection on day 0 the second injection 7 days after the first injection ( day 7 ). babies and children aged 2 months to < 3 years of age 30 the recommended dosage for babies and children aged 2 months to < 3 years is a total of 2 injections of 0 . 25 ml each : the first injection on day 0 the second injection 28 days after the first injection ( day 28 ). for instruction on the preparation of the 0 . 25 ml dose , please refer to the end of this package leaflet . make sure you and / or your child finish the complete vaccination course of 2 injections . the second injection should be given at least 1 week before you and / or your child will be at risk of exposure to je virus . if not , you and / or your child may not be fully protected against the disease . for adults , adolescents , children and infants aged 1 year and older a booster dose can be given within the second year ( i . e . - 24 months ) after the first dose of the recommended primary immunization . in adults , a second booster can be given 10 years after the first booster . for elderly persons (> 65 years ) the first booster dose may be given earlier . your doctor will decide on the requirement and timing for booster doses . administration ixiaro is injected into your or your child ' s upper arm muscle ( deltoid muscle ) by your doctor or a nurse . it must not be injected into a blood vessel . in case you and / or your child suffer from a bleeding disorder , your doctor may decide to administer the vaccine under the skin ( subcutaneously ). if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to get ixiaro if you and / or your child miss a scheduled injection , talk to your doctor and arrange another visit for the second injection . without the second injection you and / or your child will not be fully protected against the disease . there is data showing that the second injection can be given up to 11 months after the first one .
treatment with exjade will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much exjade to take the dose of exjade is related to body weight for all patients . your doctor will calculate the dose you need and tell you how many tablets to take each day . the usual daily dose for exjade dispersible tablets at the start of the treatment for patients receiving regular blood transfusions is 20 mg per kilogram body weight . a higher or lower starting dose may be recommended by your doctor based on your individual treatment needs . the usual daily dose for exjade dispersible tablets at the start of the treatment for patients not receiving regular blood transfusions is 10 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for exjade dispersible tablets is 40 mg per kilogram body weight for patients receiving regular blood transfusions , 20 mg per kilogram body weight for adult patients not receiving regular blood transfusions and 10 mg per kilogram body weight for children and adolescents not receiving regular blood transfusions . deferasirox also comes as " film - coated " tablets and granules . if you are switching from the film - coated tablets or granules to these dispersible tablets , you will need an adjustment of the dose . when to take exjade take exjade once a day , every day , at about the same time each day . take the exjade dispersible tablets on an empty stomach . then wait at least 30 minutes before eating any food . taking exjade at the same time each day will also help you remember when to take your tablets . how to take exjade : drop the tablet ( s ) into a glass of water , or apple or orange juice ( 100 to 200 ml ). stir until the tablet ( s ) dissolve completely . the liquid in the glass will look cloudy . drink everything in the glass . then add a little water or juice to what is left in the glass , swirl the liquid around and drink that too . do not dissolve the tablets in fizzy drinks or milk . do not chew , break or crush the tablets . do not swallow the tablets whole . how long to take exjade continue taking exjade every day for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 2 : " monitoring your exjade treatment "). if you have questions about how long to take exjade , talk to your doctor . if you take more exjade than you should if you have taken too much exjade , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact your doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show the doctor the pack of tablets . urgent medical treatment may be necessary . you may experience effects such as abdominal pain , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting and kidney or liver problems that can be serious . if you forget to take exjade if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember on that day . take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose on the next day to make up for the forgotten tablet ( s ). if you stop taking exjade do not stop taking exjade unless your doctor tells you to . if you stop taking it , the excess iron will no longer be removed from your body ( see also above section " how long to take exjade ").
instructions on how to use xolair are given in the section " information for the healthcare professional ". xolair is given to you by a doctor or nurse as an injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). follow carefully all instructions given by your doctor or nurse . how much you will be given your doctor will decide how much xolair you need and how often you will be given it . this depends on your body weight and the results of a blood test carried out before the start of the treatment to measure the amount of ige in your blood . you will be given 1 to 4 injections at a time , either every two weeks , or every four weeks . keep taking your current asthma and / or nasal polyps medicine during xolair treatment . do not stop taking any asthma and / or nasal polyps medicine without talking to your doctor . you may not see an immediate improvement after beginning xolair therapy . in patients with nasal polyps effects have been seen 4 weeks after the start of the treatment . in asthma patients it usually takes between 12 and 16 weeks to have the full effect . use in children and adolescents allergic asthma xolair can be given to children and adolescents aged 6 years and older , who are already receiving asthma medicine , but whose asthma symptoms are not well controlled by medicines such as high dose steroid inhalers and beta - agonist inhalers . your doctor will work out how much xolair your child needs and how often it needs to be given . this will depend on your child ' s weight and the results of a blood test carried out before the start of the treatment to measure the amount of ige in his / her blood . chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps xolair should not be given to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . if a dose of xolair is missed contact your doctor or hospital as soon as possible to re - schedule your appointment . if you stop treatment with xolair do not stop treatment with xolair unless your doctor tells you to . interrupting or stopping the treatment with xolair may cause your symptoms to come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor decides to stop your treatment . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may decide to change your dose or stop treatment earlier than originally planned . your doctor will determine if you need your dose adjusted , particularly during the first eight weeks of therapy with cometriq . cometriq should be taken once a day . depending on the dose you were prescribed , the number of capsules to take are as follows : 140 mg ( 1 orange 80 mg capsule and 3 grey 20 mg capsules ) 100 mg ( 1 orange 80 mg capsule and 1 grey 20 mg capsule ) 60 mg ( 3 grey 20 mg capsules ) your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . your capsules will come in a blister card organised by prescribed dose . each blister card has enough capsules to last for seven days ( one week ). your capsules are also available as a 28 day pack , which contains enough capsules to last for 28 days , in 4 blister cards with seven days of capsules on each card . each day , take all the capsules across the row . more information on the blister cards including how many capsules you will take and how many capsules there are in total in each blister card are described below in section 6 . to help you remember your doses , write the date when you took your first dose in the space next to the capsules . to remove the capsules for your dose : 63 1 . push in tab 2 . peel paper backing 3 . push capsule through foil cometriq should not be taken with food . you should not eat anything for at least 2 hours before taking cometriq and for 1 hour after taking the medicine . swallow the capsules one at a time with water . do not open them . if you take more cometriq than you should if you have taken more cometriq than you have been instructed to , talk to a doctor or go to the hospital with the capsules and this leaflet straight away . if you forget to take cometriq - if there are still 12 hours or more before your next dose is due then take the missed dose as soon as you remember . take the next dose at the normal time . - if your next dose is due in less than 12 hours then do not take the dose that you have missed . take your next dose at the normal time .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . xospata is taken by mouth as tablets . your doctor will tell you what dose of xospata to take . the recommended dose is 120 mg ( three tablets ) once a day . your doctor may decide to increase or lower your dose or temporarily interrupt treatment . continue treatment at the dose prescribed by your doctor . taking xospata - take xospata once a day at the same time each day . - swallow the tablets whole with water . - do not break or crush the tablets . - xospata can be taken with or without food . - continue taking xospata for as long as your doctor tells you . if you take more xospata than you should if you take more tablets than you should , contact your doctor . if you forget to take xospata if you forget to take xospata at the usual time , take your usual dose as soon as you remember on the same day and take your next dose at the usual time on the following day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking xospata do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . votubia exists as tablets and dispersible tablets . consistently take only the tablets or only the dispersible tablets , and never a combination of both . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much votubia to take if you receive votubia for the treatment of tsc with angiomyolipoma of the kidney , the usual dose is 10 mg , to be taken once daily . a higher or lower dose may be recommended by your doctor based on your individual treatment needs , for example if you have problems with your liver or if you are taking certain other medicines in addition to votubia . if you receive votubia for the treatment of tsc with sega , your doctor will determine the dose of votubia you need to take depending on : your age your body size the health of your liver other medicines you are taking . you will have blood tests during treatment with votubia . this is to measure the amount of votubia in your blood and find the best daily dose for you . if you experience certain side effects ( see section 4 ) while you are taking votubia , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either for a short time or permanently . how to take this medicine take votubia tablets once a day . take them at the same time every day . you can take them either with or without food , but you need to do this in the same way each day . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you are taking votubia tablets for the treatment of tsc with sega and if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can stir them into a glass of water : put the required number of tablets into a glass of water ( approximately 30 ml ). gently stir the contents of the glass until the tablets break apart ( approximately 7 minutes ) and then drink the contents immediately . refill the glass with the same amount of water ( approximately 30 ml ), gently stir the remaining content and drink the whole amount to make sure that you get the full dose of votubia tablets . if necessary , drink additional water to wash out any residues in your mouth . special information for caregivers caregivers are advised to avoid contact with suspensions of votubia tablets . wash hands thoroughly before and after preparation of the suspension . if you take more votubia than you should if you have taken too much votubia , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , see a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . urgent treatment may be necessary . take the carton and this leaflet , so that the doctor knows what has been taken . if you forget to take votubia if you miss a dose , take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten tablets . if you stop taking votubia do not stop taking votubia tablets unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the treatment should only be started by a doctor with experience in treating osteoporosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . protelos is for oral use . the recommended dose is one 2 g sachet a day . it is recommended that you take protelos at bedtime , preferably at least 2 hours after dinner . you may lie down immediately after taking protelos if you wish . take the granules contained in the sachets as a suspension in a glass containing a minimum of 30 ml ( approximately one third of a standard glass ) of water . see instructions below . protelos can interact with milk and milk products , so it is important that you mix protelos only with water to be sure it works properly . empty the granules from the sachet into a glass ; add water ; stir until the granules are evenly dispersed in the water . drink straight away . you should not leave more than 24 hours before you drink it . if for some reason you cannot drink the medicine straight away , make sure you stir it again before drinking . your doctor may advise you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements in addition to protelos . do not take calcium supplements at bedtime , at the same time as protelos . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take protelos . osteoporosis - therapy is usually required for a long period . it is important that you continue taking protelos for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . if you take more protelos than you should : if you take more sachets of protelos than recommended by your doctor , tell your doctor or pharmacist . they may advise you to drink milk or take antacids to reduce the absorption of the active ingredient . if you forget to take protelos : do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . just carry on with the next dose at the normal time . if you stop taking protelos : it is important that you continue taking protelos for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . protelos can treat your severe osteoporosis only if you continue to take it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of nepexto is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in adults rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , and axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 25 mg given twice a week or 50 mg once a week as an injection under the skin . however , your doctor may determine an alternative frequency at which to inject nepexto . plaque psoriasis the usual dose is 25 mg twice a week or 50 mg once a week . alternatively , 50 mg may be given twice a week for up to 12 weeks , followed by 25 mg twice a week or 50 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how long you should use nepexto and whether retreatment is needed based on your response . if nepexto has no effect on your condition after 12 weeks , your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine . use in children and adolescents dose and frequency of dosing for the child or adolescent will depend on body weight and disease . your doctor will determine the correct dose for the child and will prescribe an appropriate strength of etanercept . nepexto should not be used in children and adolescents who weigh less than 62 . 5 kg . other etanercept medicines with appropriate pharmaceutical forms for children are available . for polyarthritis or extended oligoarthritis in patients from the age of 2 years , or enthesitis - related arthritis or psoriatic arthritis in patients from the age of 12 years , the usual dose is 0 . 4 mg of etanercept per kg bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 25 mg ) given twice a week or 0 . 8 mg of etanecept per kg of bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 50 mg ) given once a week . for psoriasis in patients from the age of 6 years , the usual dose is 0 . 8 mg of etanercept per kg of bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 50 mg ) and should be given once weekly . if nepexto has no effect on the child ' s condition after 12 weeks , your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine . method and route of administration nepexto is administered by an injection under the skin ( by subcutaneous use ). detailed instructions on how to prepare and inject nepexto are provided in section 7 , " instructions for use ". do not mix the solution with any other medicine . to help you remember , it may be helpful to write in a diary which day ( s ) of the week nepexto should be used . if you use more nepexto than you should if you have used more nepexto than you should ( either by injecting too much on a single occasion or by using it too frequently ), talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . always have the outer carton of the medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to inject nepexto if you forget a dose , inject it as soon as you remember , unless the next scheduled dose is the next day ; in which case skip the missed dose . then continue to inject the medicine on the usual day ( s ). if you do not remember until the day that the next injection is due , do not use a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using nepexto your symptoms may return upon discontinuation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
hexacima will be given to your child by a doctor or nurse trained in the use of vaccines and who are equipped to deal with any uncommon severe allergic reaction to the injection ( see section 4 possible side effects ). hexacima is given as an injection into a muscle ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper part of your child ' s leg or upper arm . the vaccine will never be given into a blood vessel or into or under the skin . the recommended dose is as follows : first course of vaccination ( primary vaccination ) your child will receive either two injections given at an interval of two months or three injections given at an interval of one to two months ( at least four weeks apart ). this vaccine should be used according to the local vaccination programme . additional injections ( booster ) after the first course of injections , your child will receive a booster dose , in accordance with local recommendations , at least 6 months after the last dose of the first course . your doctor will tell you when this dose should be given . if you forget one dose of hexacima if your child misses a scheduled injection , it is important that you discuss with your doctor or nurse who will decide when to give the missed dose . it is important to follow the instructions from the doctor or nurse so that your child completes the course of injections . if not , your child may not be fully protected against the diseases . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olazax tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of olazax is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking olazax unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your olazax tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . olazax tablets are for oral use . you should swallow the olazax x tablets whole , with water . if you take more olazax than you should patients who have taken more olazax than they should , have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may be : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take olazax take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking olazax do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking olazax for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking olazax , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take clopidogrel sandoz exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel sandoz per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel sandoz for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel sandoz than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel sandoz if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel sandoz , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel sandoz do not stop the treatment . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dosage of leflunomide ratiopharm is 100 mg once daily for the first three days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 10 or 20 mg leflunomide ratiopharm once daily , depending on the severity of the disease . for psoriatic arthritis : 20 mg leflunomide ratiopharm once daily . swallow the tablet whole and with plenty of water . it may take about 4 weeks or longer until you start to feel an improvement in your condition . some patients may even still feel further improvements after 4 to 6 months of therapy . you will normally take leflunomide ratiopharm over long periods of time . if you take more leflunomide ratiopharm than you should if you take more leflunomide ratiopharm than you should , contact your doctor or get other medical advice . if possible , take your tablets or the box with you to show the doctor . if you forget to take leflunomide ratiopharm if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember , unless it is nearly time for your next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
imlygic is given in a healthcare facility under the supervision of a healthcare professional . the initial recommended dose is up to 4 ml of imlygic at a concentration of 106 ( 1 million ) pfu / ml . subsequent doses will be up to 4 ml of imlygic at a concentration of 108 ( 100 million ) pfu / ml . your healthcare professional will inject imlygic directly into your tumour ( s ) with a needle and syringe . your second injection will be given 3 weeks after the first injection . after that , you will receive injections every 2 weeks for as long as you have the tumour ( s ). your healthcare professional will decide which tumour ( s ) to inject and may not inject every tumour . your existing tumour ( s ) may increase in size and new tumour ( s ) could appear while you are being treated with imlygic . you can expect to be treated with imlygic for at least 6 months or longer . if you miss a dose of imlygic it is important for you to keep all your appointments to receive imlygic . if you miss an appointment , ask your healthcare professional when to schedule your next dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how is filgrastim hexal given and how much should i take ? filgrastim hexal is usually given as a daily injection into the tissue just under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). the usual dose varies depending on your illness and weight . your doctor will tell you how much filgrastim hexal you should take . patients having a bone marrow transplant after chemotherapy : you will normally receive your first dose of filgrastim hexal at least 24 hours after your chemotherapy and at least 24 hours after receiving your bone marrow transplant . you , or people caring for you , can be taught how to give subcutaneous injections so that you can continue your treatment at home . however , you should not attempt this unless you have been properly trained first by your health care provider . how long will i have to take filgrastim hexal ? you will need to take filgrastim hexal until your white blood cell count is normal . regular blood tests will be taken to monitor the number of white blood cells in your body . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take filgrastim hexal . use in children filgrastim hexal is used to treat children who are receiving chemotherapy or who suffer from severe low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ). the dosing in children receiving chemotherapy is the same as for adults . if you use more filgrastim hexal than you should do not increase the dose your doctor has given you . if you think you have injected more than you should , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use filgrastim hexal if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , contact your doctor as soon as possible . do not take a double dose to make up for any missed doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of zynquista is one 200 - mg tablet once a day before the first meal of the day . your doctor will decide whether to increase your dose to 400 mg once a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine zynquista should be taken once daily by mouth . the tablet should be taken before the first meal of the day follow your doctor ' s instructions about insulin dose while taking zynquista . your doctor will prescribe zynquista together with insulin treatment to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . follow your doctor ' s instructions on taking these other medicine ( s ) to achieve the best results for your health . if you take more zynquista than you should if you take more zynquista tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take zynquista if a dose is missed , it should be taken as soon as you remember the missed dose . do not take a double dose of zynquista o make up the forgotten dose . if you stop taking zynquista 43 do not stop taking zynquista without first checking with your doctor . your blood sugar levels may increase when you stop taking zynquista . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
tookad is restricted to hospital use only . it should only be used by personnel trained in the vtp procedure . dose the recommended dose of tookad is one single dose of 3 . 66 mg per kg of body weight , injected into a vein . the injection lasts 10 minutes . for instructions to healthcare professionals on reconstitution of tookad before injection , see " reconstitution of the tookad powder for solution for injection ". only the lobe that contains the cancer will be treated . additional vtp procedures of the prostate are not recommended . vtp procedure the day before and at the beginning of the vtp procedure , a rectal preparation is performed in order to clean the rectum . your doctor may prescribe antibiotics to prevent infection and alpha - blockers ( medicines given to prevent difficulties in urinating ). you will be given a general anaesthetic to send you to sleep before the vtp procedure . fibres to carry the laser light are inserted into the prostate gland by using hollow needles . tookad is activated immediately after injection by shining light through the fibres from a connected laser device . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , your pharmacist or your nurse .
always take telmisartan teva exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of telmisartan teva is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take telmisartan teva with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treament of high blood pressure , the usual dose of telmisartan teva for most patients is 40 mg once a day to control your blood pressure over the 24 - hour period . your doctor has recommended a lower dose of one 20 mg tablet daily . alternatively , telmisartan teva may be used in combination with diuretics (" water " tablets ) such as hydrochlorothiazide which has been shown to have an additive blood pressure lowering effect with telmisartan teva . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose of telmisartan teva is one 80 mg tablet once a day . at the beginning of the preventive therapy with telmisartan teva 80 mg , blood pressure should be frequently monitored . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg once a day . if you take more telmisartan teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take telmisartan teva if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you should not use nevirapine teva on its own . you must take it with at least two other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will recommend the best medicines for you . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dose : the dose is one 200 mg tablet per day for the first 14 days of treatment (" lead - in " period ). after 14 days , the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet twice a day . it is very important that you take only one nevirapine teva tablet a day for the first 14 days (" lead - in " period ) if you have any rash during this period , do not increase the dose but consult your doctor . the 14 - day " lead - in " period has been shown to lower the risk of skin rash . as nevirapine teva must always be taken together with other hiv antiretroviral medicines , you should follow the instructions for your other medicines carefully . these are supplied in the package leaflets for those medicines . you should continue to take nevirapine teva for as long as instructed by your doctor . as explained in " warnings and precautions ", above , your doctor will monitor you with liver tests or for undesirable effects such as rash . depending on the outcome your doctor may decide to interrupt or stop your nevirapine teva treatment . your doctor might then decide to restart you on a lower dose . only take nevirapine teva tablets by mouth . do not chew your tablets . you may take nevirapine teva with or without food . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should do not take more nevirapine teva than prescribed by your doctor and described in this leaflet . there is at present little information on the effects of nevirapine teva overdose . consult your doctor if you have taken more nevirapine teva than you should . if you forget to take nevirapine teva try not to miss a dose . if you notice that you have missed a dose within 8 hours of when it was due , take the missed dose as soon as possible . if it has been more than 8 hours since the dose was due only take the next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking nevirapine teva taking all doses at the appropriate times : - greatly increases the effectiveness of your combination antiretroviral medicines . - reduces the chances of your hiv infection becoming resistant to your antiretroviral medicines . it is important that you continue taking nevirapine teva correctly , as described above , unless your doctor instructs you to stop . if you stop taking nevirapine teva for more than 7 days your doctor will instruct you to start the 14 day ' lead - in ' period ( described above ) once again , before returning to the twice daily dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . kevzara is given as an injection under the skin ( called " subcutaneous " injection ). the recommended dose is one 200 mg injection every two weeks . your doctor may adjust the dose of your medicine based on results of blood tests . learning how to use the pre - filled syringe your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse will show you how to inject kevzara . following these instructions , kevzara can be self - injected or administered by a care - giver . carefully follow the " instructions for use " provided in the carton . use the pre - filled syringe exactly as described in the " instructions for use ". if you use more kevzara than you should if you have used more kevzara than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you miss a dose of kevzara if it has been 3 days or less since the missed dose : inject your missed dose as soon as you can . then inject your next dose at your regular time . if it has been 4 days or more , inject the next dose at your regular time . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten injection . if you are unsure when to inject your next dose : ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for instructions . if you stop using kevzara do not stop using kevzara without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take the number of tablets following your doctor ' s instructions . keppra must be taken twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 16 years of age ): general dose : between 1000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking keppra , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 1000 mg , your reduced starting dose is 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of keppra according to the age , weight and dose . keppra 100 mg / ml oral solution is a formulation more appropriate to infants and children under the age of 6 years and to children and adolescent ( from 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50kg and when tablets don ' t allow accurate dosage . method of administration swallow keppra tablets with a sufficient quantity of liquid ( e . g . a glass of water ). you may take keppra with or without food . after oral administration the bitter taste of levetiracetam may be experienced . duration of treatment keppra is used as a chronic treatment . you should continue keppra treatment for as long as your doctor has told you . do not stop your treatment without your doctor ' s advice as this could increase your seizures . if you take more keppra than you should the possible side effects of an overdose of keppra are sleepiness , agitation , aggression , decrease of alertness , inhibition of breathing and coma . contact your doctor if you took more tablets than you should . your doctor will establish the best possible treatment of overdose . if you forget to take keppra : contact your doctor if you have missed one or more doses . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking keppra : if stopping treatment , keppra should be discontinued gradually to avoid an increase of seizures . should your doctor decide to stop your keppra treatment , he / she will instruct you about the gradual withdrawal of keppra . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is provided to you and supervised by a specialised doctor who knows how to treat your condition . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you , the recommended dose should not be exceeded . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . rheumatoid arthritis the recommended dose is 5 mg twice a day . psoriatic arthritis the recommended dose is 5 mg twice a day . ulcerative colitis the recommended dose is 10 mg twice a day for 8 weeks , followed by 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to extend the initial 10 mg twice a day treatment by an additional 8 weeks ( 16 weeks in total ), followed by 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to stop xeljanz if xeljanz does not work for you within 16 weeks . for patients , who have previously taken biologic medicines to treat ulcerative colitis ( such as those that block the activity of tumour necrosis factor in the body ) and these medicines did not work , the doctor may decide to increase your dose of xeljanz to 10 mg twice a day if you do not respond sufficiently to 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will consider the potential risks , including that of developing blood clots in the lungs or veins , and potential benefits to you . your doctor will tell you if this applies to you . if your treatment is interrupted , your doctor may decide to restart your treatment . classified as public by the european medicines agency try to take your tablet at the same time every day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). tofacitinib tablets may be crushed and taken with water . your doctor may reduce the dose if you have liver or kidney problems or if you are prescribed certain other medicines . your doctor may also stop treatment temporarily or permanently if blood tests show low white blood cell or red blood cell counts . xeljanz is for oral use . you can take xeljanz with or without food . if you take more xeljanz than you should if you take more tablets than you should , immediately tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take xeljanz do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . take your next tablet at the usual time and continue as before . if you stop taking xeljanz you should not stop taking xeljanz without discussing this with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
provenge can only be administered by a doctor or nurse who has been trained in using this medicine . practical information for handling and administration of provenge for the doctor or nurse can be found at the end of this leaflet . as provenge is made from your own blood cells , your cells will be collected approximately 3 days before each scheduled infusion . this procedure will take 3 to 4 hours ( see section " steps before provenge treatment " below ). your blood will be tested before it is collected ( see section " tests " below ). steps before provenge treatment 1 . the first step in your provenge treatment is to collect your blood cells in order to manufacture your personal infusion of provenge . this involves a procedure called leukapheresis , which consists of extracting white blood cells from your blood , usually from the veins in your arms . a machine is used to take blood from one arm , extract the white blood cells and return the rest of the blood to you , usually in the other arm . this procedure usually takes 3 - 4 hours . you will have to have this procedure on at least 3 occasions approximately 3 days before each of your 3 provenge infusion treatments . 2 . the second step is to send your collected cells to a special manufacturing centre where they are mixed with an antigen to make them ready for your infusion . tests before , or on the day , your blood cells are collected , a blood sample will be taken from you for a complete blood count ( cbc ) test . this test will determine whether you have enough blood cells to allow the leukapheresis procedure to be safely carried out . in addition , your blood will be tested for specific viruses ( for example hiv - 1 , hiv - 2 , hepatitis b and hepatitis c ). this testing is a legal requirement and is to ensure that your blood cells can be safely handled by the healthcare professionals involved in your treatment . you may need to have further cbc tests during your treatment in line with local or country - wide practices . if you need more information on the testing of your blood please ask your doctor or nurse . how provenge is given and duration of treatment your doctor may suggest you take paracetamol and an antihistamine medicine about 30 minutes before your infusion to reduce the possible reactions to provenge . your provenge treatment will be given by a drip ( infusion ) into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). you will receive a total of 3 infusions of provenge at approximately 2 week intervals . the first infusion of provenge will be given approximately 3 days after the cell collection and will last approximately 1 hour ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). you will be monitored before and during the infusion . if your infusion of provenge has to be interrupted for any reason , your doctor will not be able to restart the infusion if the medicine has been at room temperature for more than 3 hours . once the infusion is complete you will be observed and monitored for at least 3060 minutes , after which , you may go home . your treatment will involve at least 6 visits to the cell collection site and / or clinic . you may need one or more additional visits in order to have your blood tested before your leukapheresis procedure ( depending on the usual pratice in the clinic where you are having your treatment ), or your blood may be tested during your leukapheresis visits : visit 1 blood cell collection ( leukapheresis ) visit 2 provenge infusion visit 3 blood cell collection ( leukapheresis ) visit 4 provenge infusion visit 5 blood cell collection ( leukapheresis ) visit 6 provenge infusion your doctor will give you a schedule for your cell collection and infusion appointments . this will be added to your patient alert card that you should bring to each appointment . missed treatment it is very important that you arrive on time for your appointments . if you miss an appointment and you cannot be given your provenge infusion , it will no longer be usable . your doctor will work with you to schedule new appointments for cell collection and infusion . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dose and schedule the usual starting dose for adults is 2 to 3 g ( 4 to 6 tablets ) per day . your doctor may start treatment at higher doses such as 4 to 6 g ( 8 to 12 tablets ). in order to find the optimal dose for you , your doctor will monitor regularly the levels of lysodren in your blood . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with lysodren temporarily or to lower the dose if you experience certain side effects . use in children and adolescents the starting daily dose of lysodren is 1 . 5 to 3 . 5 g / m2 body surface ( this will be calculated by your doctor according to the weight and the size of the child ). the experience in patients in this age group is very limited . method of administration you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water during meals containing fat - rich food . you can divide the total daily dose in two or three intakes . if you take more lysodren than you should tell your doctor immediately if you have taken accidentally more lysodren than you should or if a child has accidentally swallowed some . if you forget to take lysodren if you accidentally miss a dose , just take the next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten one . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you will be given removab under the supervision of a doctor experienced in treating cancer . after the removab infusion you will be observed as decided by your doctor . before starting and during treatment , you will be given other medicines to reduce fever , pain or inflammation caused by removab . removab is given as 4 intraperitoneal infusions with increasing dose ( 10 , 20 , 50 and 150 micrograms ), separated at least by 2 infusion - free calendar days ( for example you will receive infusion on day 0 , 3 , 7 , 10 ). the infusion must be administered at constant rate with duration time of at least 3 hours . the overall treatment period should not exceed 20 days . a catheter will be placed in your abdominal space ( intraperitoneal ) for the whole treatment period , until the day after your last infusion . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
rotateq is for oral use only . a doctor or nurse will administer the recommended doses of rotateq to your child . the vaccine will be given by gently squeezing the tube and delivering the vaccine into your child ' s mouth . the vaccine can be given without regard to food , liquid , or breast milk . in case your child spits out or regurgitates most of the vaccine dose , a single replacement dose may be given at the same vaccination visit . under no circumstance should this vaccine be administered by injection . the first dose ( 2 ml ) of rotateq may be given from the age of 6 weeks and should be given before 12 weeks of age ( about 3 months ). rotateq may be given to infants who were born early provided that the pregnancy had lasted at least 25 weeks . these infants should receive the first dose of vaccine between 6 and 12 weeks after birth . your child will receive 3 doses of rotateq given at least four weeks apart . it is important that your child receives all 3 doses of the vaccine for protection against rotavirus . it is preferred that all three doses should be given by the age of 20 - 22 weeks and at latest all three doses should be given by the age of 32 weeks . when rotateq is given to your child for the first dose , it is recommended that your child also receives rotateq ( and not another rotavirus vaccine ) to complete the vaccination course . if you forget an appointment for rotateq it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor / health care professional regarding your child ' s return visits for the follow - up doses . if you forget or are not able to go back to your doctor / health care professional at the scheduled time , ask him or her for advice .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 15 mg or of 30 mg of pioglitazone to be taken once daily . your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 45 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pioglitazone accord is too weak , talk to your doctor . pioglitazone accord may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and exercise has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , sulfonylurea or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with pioglitazone accord . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a special diet for diabetes , you should continue with this while you are taking pioglitazone accord . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more pioglitazone accord than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take pioglitazone accord take pioglitazone accord daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking pioglitazone accord pioglitazone accord should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using pioglitazone accord , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . kineret must be injected under your skin ( subcutaneous ) daily . you should try to have the injection at the same time each day . the recommended dose is either 20 to 90 mg or 100 mg . your doctor will tell you the dose that you need or whether you need a dose higher than 100 mg . injecting kineret yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject kineret yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself or your child with kineret , please read the " instructions for preparing and giving an injection of kineret " section at the end of this leaflet . if you use more kineret than you should you should have no serious problems if you accidentally take more kineret than you need . however , you should contact your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if this does happen . if you feel unwell in any way you should contact your doctor or nurse immediately . if you forget to use kineret if you have forgotten to take a dose of kineret , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should take the next dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with samsca will be initiated in hospital . for treatment of your low sodium ( hyponatremia ), your doctor will start with a dose of 15 mg and may then increase it to a maximum of 60 mg to achieve the desired level of serum sodium . to monitor the effects of samsca your doctor will do regular blood tests . to achieve the desired level of serum sodium your doctor can give in some instances a lower dose of 7 . 5 mg . swallow the tablet without chewing , with a glass of water . take the tablets once a day preferably in the morning with or without food . if you take more samsca than you should if you have taken more tablets than your prescribed dose , drink plenty of water and contact your doctor or your local hospital immediately . remember to take the medicine pack with you so that it is clear what you have taken . if you forget to take samsca if you forget to take your medicine you have to take the dose as soon as you remember on the same day . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking samsca if you stop taking samsca this may lead to reoccurrence of your low sodium . therefore , you should only stop taking samsca if you notice side effects requiring urgent medical attention ( see section 4 ) or if your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 250 mg tablet per day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not take antacids ( to reduce the acid level of your stomach ) 2 hours before or 1 hour after taking iressa . if you have trouble swallowing the tablet , dissolve it in half a glass of still ( non - fizzy ) water . do not use any other liquids . do not crush the tablet . swirl the water until the tablet has dissolved . this may take up to 20 minutes . drink the liquid straight away . to make sure that you have drunk all of the medicine , rinse the glass very well with half a glass of water and drink it . if you take more iressa than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take iressa what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take the missed tablet as soon as you remember . then take the next dose as usual . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed tablet . then take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two tablets at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your dose of potactasol will depend on : - the disease being treated , - your body surface area ( m2 ), - the results of blood tests carried out before and during treatment , - how well you tolerate treatment . adults ovarian cancer and small cell lung cancer the usual dose is 1 . 5 mg per m2 of body surface area once daily for 5 days . this treatment cycle will normally be repeated every three weeks . cervical cancer the usual dose is 0 . 75 mg per m2 of body surface area once daily for 3 days . this treatment cycle will normally be repeated every three weeks . for cervical cancer , it will be used together with another anticancer medicines containing cisplatin . for more information about cisplatin , please refer to the corresponding package leaflet . patients with impaired kidney function your doctor might need to reduce your dose based on your kidney function . how potactasol is prepared topotecan is supplied as a powder for concentrate for solution for infusion . the powder must be dissolved , and the resulting concentrate further diluted before administration . how potactasol is given a doctor or nurse will give you the reconstituted and diluted potactasol solution as an infusion ( drip ), usually into your arm , over about 30 minutes . if you are given too much potactasol 29 as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . tell your doctor or nurse if you have any concerns about the amount of medicine that you receive .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 15 mg or of 30 mg of pioglitazone to be taken once daily . your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 45 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pioglitazone actavis is too weak , talk to your doctor . pioglitazone actavis can be taken with or without food . when pioglitazone actavis is taken in combination with other medicines used to treat diabetes ( such as insulin , chlorpropamide , glibenclamide , gliclazide , tolbutamide ) your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a smaller dose of your medicines . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with pioglitazone actavis . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking pioglitazone actavis . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more pioglitazone actavis than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take pioglitazone actavis take pioglitazone actavis daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 14 , 28 , 56 , 84 and 98 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of pioglitazone actavis by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking pioglitazone actavis pioglitazone actavis should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using pioglitazone actavis , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults the recommended dose is two puffs in the morning and two puffs in the evening . if you feel that the medicine is not very effective , talk to your doctor . if you have been using a different inhaler containing beclometasone dipropionate previously , ask your doctor for advice , as the effective dose of beclometasone dipropionate in riarify for the treatment of copd may be lower than that of some other inhalers . route of administration riarify is for inhalation use . you should inhale the medicine through your mouth and this takes the medicine directly into your lungs . this medicine is contained in a pressurised container in a plastic inhaler with a mouthpiece . riarify is available in three container sizes : a container providing 60 puffs a container providing 120 puffs a container providing 180 puffs . if you have been prescribed a container providing 60 puffs or 120 puffs there is a counter on the back of the inhaler , which tells you how many doses are left . each time you press the pressurised container , a puff of medicine is released and the counter will count down by one . take care not to drop the inhaler as this may cause the counter to count down . if you have been prescribed a container providing 180 puffs there is an indicator on the back of the inhaler , which tells you how many doses are left . each time you press the pressurised container , a puff of medicine is released and the dose indicator rotates by a small amount . the number of puffs remaining is displayed in intervals of 20 . take care not to drop the inhaler as this may cause the dose indicator to count down . testing your inhaler before using the inhaler for the first time , you should test your inhaler to make sure that it is working properly , as follows . 1 . depending on the container size prescribed to you , check that the dose counter reads 61 or 121 and that the dose indicator reads 180 2 . remove the protective cap from the mouthpiece 3 . hold your inhaler upright with the mouthpiece at the bottom 4 . direct the mouthpiece away from yourself and firmly press the pressurised container to release one puff 5 . check the dose counter or dose indicator . if you are testing your inhaler for the first time , the counter should read : 60 - when using the container providing 60 puffs 120 - when using the container providing 120 puffs 180 - when using the container providing 180 puffs how to use your inhaler stand or sit up when inhaling . important : do not perform steps 2 to 5 too quickly . 1 . remove the protective cap from the mouthpiece and check that the mouthpiece is clean and free from dust and dirt . 2 . breathe out as slowly and deeply as possible , in order to empty your lungs . 3 . hold the inhaler upright with the mouthpiece at the bottom and place the mouthpiece between your teeth without biting it . then place your lips around the mouthpiece , with the tongue flat under it . 4 . breathe in slowly and deeply through your mouth to fill your lungs with air ( this should take about 45 seconds ). just after starting to breathe in , press down firmly on the top of the pressurised container to release one puff . 5 . hold your breath for as long as possible and , finally , remove the inhaler from your mouth and breathe out slowly . do not breathe out into the inhaler . 6 . check that the dose counter ( 60 / 120 puffs ) has moved down by one or that the dose indicator ( 180 puffs ) has rotated by a small amount . for the second puff , keep the inhaler in the upright position for about half a minute , then repeat steps 2 to 5 . if you see ' mist ' coming from the top of the inhaler or the sides of your mouth , this means that riarify will not be getting into your lungs as it should . take another puff , following the instructions starting again from step 2 . after use , replace the protective cap . to prevent a fungal infection in the mouth and throat , rinse your mouth or gargle with water without swallowing it or brush your teeth after each use of your inhaler . when to get a new inhaler you should get a replacement when the counter or indicator shows the number 20 . stop using the inhaler when the counter or indicator shows 0 , as any medicine left in the inhaler may not be enough to give you a full puff . if you have a weak grip , it may be easier to hold the inhaler with both hands : hold the upper part of the inhaler with both index fingers and its lower part with both thumbs . if you find it difficult to use the inhaler while starting to breathe in , you may use the aerochamber plus spacer device . ask your doctor or pharmacist about this device . it is important that you read the package leaflet which is supplied with your aerochamber plus spacer device and that you carefully follow the instructions on how to use the aerochamber plus spacer device and how to clean it . cleaning of the riarify inhaler you should clean your inhaler once a week . 1 . do not remove the pressurised container from the inhaler and do not use water or other liquids to clean your inhaler . 2 . remove the protective cap from the mouthpiece by pulling it away from your inhaler . 3 . wipe inside and outside of the mouthpiece and the inhaler with a clean , dry cloth or tissue . 4 . replace the mouthpiece cap . if you use more riarify than you should it is important that you take your dose as advised by your doctor . do not exceed your prescribed dose without talking to your doctor . if you use more riarify than you should , side effects , as described in section 4 , may occur . tell your doctor if you have used more riarify than you should and if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor may wish to carry out some blood tests . tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . if you forget to use riarify use it as soon as you remember . if it is almost time for your next dose , do not take the dose you have missed , but just take the next dose at the correct time . do not double the dose . if you stop using riarify it is important to use riarify every day . do not stop using riarify or lower the dose , even if you are feeling better or you have no symptoms . if you want to do this , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose of starlix is 60 mg three times daily , taken before each of the three main meals . your doctor may check the amount of starlix that you are taking on a regular basis and may adjust the dose according to your needs . the maximum recommended dose is 180 mg three times daily , taken before each of the three main meals . take starlix before meals . its effect may be delayed if it is taken during or after meals . take starlix before the three main meals , usually : - 1 dose before breakfast - 1 dose before lunch - 1 dose before dinner it is best to take it right before a main meal but you can take it up to 30 minutes before . do not take it if you are not going to eat a main meal . if you miss a meal , skip that dose of starlix and wait until your next meal . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . even though you are taking medicines for your diabetes , it is important to keep following the diet and / or exercise programme your doctor has recommended for you . if you take more starlix than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , or if someone else takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you experience symptoms of low blood sugar ( listed in section 4 , " possible side effects "), eat or drink something containing sugar . if you feel as if you are about to have a severe hypoglycaemic attack ( which may lead to loss of consciousness or seizure ), call for urgent medical help or make sure that someone else does this for you . if you have to go to a doctor or hospital , take the pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take starlix if you forget to take a tablet , simply take the next one before your next meal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking starlix continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so that it can continue to control your blood sugar . do not stop taking starlix unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 micrograms given once daily by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thigh or abdomen . to help you remember to use your medicine , inject it at about the same time each day . inject qutavina each day for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . the total duration of treatment with qutavina should not exceed 24 months . you should not receive more than one treatment course of 24 months over your lifetime . your doctor may advise you to use qutavina with calcium and vitamin d . your doctor will tell you how much you should take each day . read the user manual , which is included in the carton for instructions on how to use the qutavina pen . injection needles are not included with the pen . pen needles 29 to 31 gauge ( diameter 0 . 25 - 0 . 33 mm ) can be used . you should use your qutavina injection shortly after you take the pen out of the refrigerator as described in the user manual . put the pen back into the refrigerator immediately after you have used it . use a new injection needle for each injection and dispose of it after each use . never store your pen with the needle attached . never share your qutavina pen with others . qutavina can be given with or without food . if you use more qutavina than you should if , by mistake , you have used more qutavina than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist . the effects of overdose that might be expected include nausea , vomiting , dizziness , and headache . if you forget or cannot take qutavina at your usual time , use it as soon as possible on that day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not use more than one injection in the same day . do not try to make up for a missed dose . if you stop taking qutavina if you are considering stopping qutavina treatment , please discuss this with your doctor . your doctor will advise you and decide how long you should be treated with qutavina . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
one tablet of 15 mg of pioglitazone should be taken once daily . if necessary your doctor may tell you to take a different dose . if you have the impression that the effect of sepioglinis too weak , talk to your doctor . when sepioglinis taken in combination with other medicines used to treat diabetes ( such as insulin , chlorpropamide , glibenclamide , gliclazide , tolbutamide ) your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a smaller dose of your medicines . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with sepioglin . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking sepioglin . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more sepioglin than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take sepioglin take sepioglin daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking sepioglin sepioglinshould be used every day to work properly . if you stop using sepioglin , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
docetaxel teva pharma will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration docetaxel teva pharma will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration 73 you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva pharma . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or hospital pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . a caregiver should help a child starting verkazia treatment , particularly if the child is aged under 10 years , and should continue to supervise the child until the child is able to use verkazia properly without help . the recommended dose is 1 drop of verkazia in each affected eye 4 times a day ( morning , mid - day , afternoon and evening ). you should continue verkazia as prescribed by your doctor . instructions for use follow these instructions carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if there is anything you do not understand . 1 . wash your hands 2 . open the aluminium pouch , which contains 5 single - dose containers 3 . take 1 single - dose container from the aluminium pouch , leaving the remaining containers in the pouch 4 . gently shake the single - dose container 5 . twist off the cap ( picture 1 ) 6 . pull down your lower eyelid ( picture 2 ) 7 . tilt your head back and look up at the ceiling 8 . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine onto your eye . make sure that the tip of the single - dose container does not touch your eye 9 . blink a few times so that the medicine spreads across your eye 10 . after using verkazia , press a finger lightly on the inner corner of your eyelid , next to your nose for 2 minutes ( picture 3 ). a small duct that drains tears away from your eye and into your nose is located here . by pressing at this point , you close down the opening of this drainage duct . this helps to stop verkazia getting into the rest of the body . 11 . if you use drops in both eyes , repeat the steps 6 to 9 for your other eye . 12 . discard the single - dose container as soon as you have used it , even if there is still some medicine left in it if a drop misses your eye , try again . if you put in more verkazia than you should , rinse your eye with water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use verkazia , continue with the next dose as planned . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten dose . do not use more than 1 drop 4 times a day in the affected eye ( s ). if you stop using verkazia without speaking to your doctor , your eye allergy will not be controlled and could lead to long - term problems with your sight . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radioactivity . datscan will always be used in a hospital or a similar place . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . they should tell you anything you need to do for the safe use of this medicine . your nuclear medicine doctor will decide the dose that is best for you . before you receive datscan , your nuclear medicine doctor will ask you to take some tablets or liquid that contain iodine . these stop the radioactivity building - up in your thyroid gland . it is important that you take the tablets or liquid as the doctor tells you . datscan is given to you as an injection , usually into a vein in your arm . the recommended radioactivity given by injection is between 111 to 185 mbq ( megabequerel or mbq is a unit used to measure radioactivity ). a single injection is enough . the camera pictures are usually taken 3 to 6 hours after the injection of datscan . if you are given more datscan than you should since datscan is given by a doctor under controlled conditions , it is unlikely that you will get an overdose . your nuclear medicine doctor will suggest that you drink plenty of fluids to help the body get rid of the medicine . you will need to be careful with the water ( urine ) that you pass - your doctor will tell you what to do . this is normal practice with medicines like datscan . any ioflupane ( 123i ) which remains in your body will naturally lose its radioactivity . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to the treatment . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 10 mg tablet each day , taken with or without food . a different dose may be given to patients with kidney problems . if you take more hepsera than you should if you accidentally take too many hepsera tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital immediately . if you forget to take hepsera or you vomit it is important not to miss a dose . if you do miss a dose of hepsera , take it as soon as you can , and then take your next scheduled dose at its regular time . if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose ( two doses close together ). if you are sick ( vomit ) less than 1 hour after taking hepsera take another tablet . you do not need to take another tablet if you are sick more than 1 hour after taking hepsera . if you stop taking hepsera tell your doctor immediately about any new , unusual or worsening symptoms that you notice after stopping treatment . see section 2 for more details . don ' t stop taking hepsera without your doctor ' s advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . medicines radiolabelled with endolucinbeta will only be used in special controlled areas . this product will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of a medicine radiolabelled with endolucinbeta to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to achieve the appropriate outcome , depending on the medicine you take with endolucinbeta and what it is used for . administration of the medicine radiolabelled with endolucinbeta and conduct of the procedure endolucinbeta must be used only in combination with another medicine ( carrier medicine ) which has been specifically developed and authorised for being combined with lutetium ( 177lu ) chloride . the administration will depend on the type of the carrier medicine . please read the package leaflet of that medicine . duration of the procedure your nuclear medicine doctor will inform you about the usual duration of the procedure . after administration of the medicine radiolabelled with endolucinbeta , you should the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving the medicine radiolabelled with endolucinbeta . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine radiolabelled with endolucinbeta than you should since the medicine radiolabelled with endolucinbeta is handled by a nuclear medicine doctor under strictly controlled conditions , there is only a very small chance of possible overdose . however , in the case of an overdose or an inadvertent intravenous injection of the unlabelled product , you will receive appropriate treatment that will remove the radionuclide from the body . should you have any further questions on the use of the medicine radiolabelled with endolucinbeta , ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
how much of pixuvri is given the amounts ( dose ) of pixuvri that will be given to you will depend on your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ). this is determined by your height and weight . the results of blood tests and your medical condition will also be taken into account . the recommended dose is 50 mg / m2 . if necessary , your doctor will adjust the dose during treatment . your doctor will carry out some tests before you are given pixuvri . how often pixuvri is given pixuvri is given on days 1 , 8 , and 15 of each 28 - day cycle for up to 6 cycles . before the infusion is administered you may be given medicines to prevent or reduce possible reactions to pixuvri , such as medicines to prevent sickness . how pixuvri is given pixuvri is given through a drip into a vein ( by intravenous infusion ). this will be done by a nurse or doctor . how long the infusion will take this will take approximately one hour unless otherwise stated .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken twice daily . if necessary your doctor may tell you to take a different dose . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , which may need to be given as separate tablets of pioglitazone and metformin . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you may take your tablets with or just after food to reduce the chance of an upset stomach . if you are following a special diet for diabetes , you should continue with this while you are taking competact . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with competact . this is to check that your liver is working normally . at least once a year ( more often if you are elderly or have kidney problems ) your doctor will check that your kidneys are working normally . if you take more competact than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you have taken more competact that you should have , you may experience lactic acidosis ( see section " risk of lactic acidosis "). if you forget to take competact take competact daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , skip the missed dose and just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking competact competact should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using competact , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zalmoxis can only be prescribed and administered in a hospital by a doctor or a nurse who is trained in administering this medicine . practical information for handling and administration of zalmoxis for the doctor or nurse can be found at the end of this leaflet . zalmoxis has been manufactured specifically for you and cannot be administered to any other patient . the amount of cells to be administered depends on your body weight . the dose corresponds to 1 ± 0 . 2 x 107 cells / kg . zalmoxis is given intravenously ( into a vein ) as a drip infusion over approximately 20 - 60 minutes at a time interval of 21 - 49 days from transplantation . additional infusions are given once a month , for up to 4 months . the decision to proceed with the next treament is determined by your physician / doctor and is related to your immune status . if you receive more zalmoxis than you should as this medicine is prescribed by a doctor , each dose is prepared for you only and each preparation consists of a single dose . it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you forget to use zalmoxis this medicine is prescribed by a doctor and given in a hospital under strict survelliance and predetermined schedule so that you cannot forget your dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will prescribe an appropriate dose of qtrilmet depending on your blood sugar level and the diabetes medicines you were taking before . the recommended dose is two tablets once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose of qtrilmet is metformin 2 , 000 mg , saxagliptin 5 mg and dapagliflozin 10 mg . switching to qtrilmet if you are already taking metformin , saxagliptin and dapagliflozin as single tablets or saxagliptin and dapagliflozin as a combination together with metformin , your doctor may ask you to switch to this medicine so you only need to take one tablet . to avoid overdose , do not continue taking the separate tablets of these medicines as well as qtrilmet . taking this medicine - swallow the tablets whole with half a glass of water . - take your tablets with food . this is to reduce the risk of side effects on the stomach . - take the tablets at around the same time each day . you may see some remains of the tablet shell in your stools . this is normal and what is left of the tablet after all the medicine has been released . your doctor may prescribe other medicines to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . remember to take other medicines as your doctor has told you . this will help get the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your diabetes , you need to follow your doctor ' s advice on diet and exercise , even when you are taking this medicine . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking qtrilmet . if you take more qtrilmet than you should if you take more qtrilmet tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . high overdose may lead to lactic acidosis ( see sections 2 and 4 ). if you forget to take qtrilmet what to do if you forget to take qtrilmet on time . - if it is less than 12 hours since you should have taken your daily dose , take a dose of qtrilmet as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . - if it is more than 12 hours since you should have taken your daily dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose of qtrilmet to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtrilmet do not stop taking qtrilmet without talking to your doctor first . your blood sugar may rise without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . adults , including the elderly a dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . clinical data suggest that a single dose may be sufficient . if a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . use in children and adolescents children from the age of 10 years onwards a dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . clinical data suggest that a single dose may be sufficient . if a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . children from 6 months to 9 years of age a dose ( 0 . 25 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . if a second dose of 0 . 25 ml is given this will be administered at least three weeks after the first dose . children aged less than 6 months of age vaccination is currently not recommended in this age group . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . bosulif will only be prescribed to you by a doctor with experience in medicines to treat leukaemia . dose and method of administration the recommended dose is 400 mg once daily for patients with newly - diagnosed cml . the recommended dose is 500 mg once daily for patients whose previous medicines to treat cml have either not worked or are not suitable . in the event that you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor will reduce your dose by 100 mg once daily for moderate kidney problems and by an additional 100 mg once daily for severe kidney problems . your doctor may adjust the dose using the 100 mg tablets depending upon your medical conditions , upon your response to treatment and / or on any side effect you may experience . take the tablet ( s ) in the morning with food . swallow the tablet ( s ) whole with water . if you take more bosulif than you should if you accidentally take too many bosulif tablets or a higher dose than you need , contact a doctor for advice right away . if possible , show the doctor the pack , or this leaflet . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take bosulif if dose is missed by less than 12 hours , take your recommended dose . if a dose is missed by more than 12 hours , take your next dose at your regular time on the following day . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten tablets . if you stop taking bosulif do not stop taking bosulif unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor right away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine ask your doctor or pharmacist .
eptifibatide accord is given into the vein by direct injection followed by an infusion ( drip solution ). the dose given is based on your weight . the recommended dose is 180 microgram / kg administered as a bolus ( rapid intravenous injection ), followed by an infusion ( drip solution ) of 2 microgram / kg / minute for up to 72 hours . if you have kidney disease , the infusion dose may be reduced to 1 microgram / kg / minute . if percutaneous coronary intervention ( pci ) is performed during eptifibatide accord therapy , the intravenous solution may be continued for up to 96 hours . you must also be given doses of aspirin and heparin ( if not contraindicated in your case ). if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse .
unit doses for nuceiva are not interchangeable with those used for other preparations of botulinum toxin . nuceiva should only be injected by physicians with appropriate qualifications and expertise in the treatment of glabellar lines at maximum frown . the usual dose of nuceiva is 20 units . you will be injected with the recommended volume of 0 . 1 millilitre ( ml ) ( 4 units ) of nuceiva into each of 5 injection sites . improvement of severity of the lines between the eyebrows generally occurs within a few days of treatment . the interval between treatments will be decided by your doctor . how nuceiva is injected nuceiva is injected into your muscles ( intramuscularly ), directly into the affected area above and between the eyebrows . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . zevalin will only be used in special controlled areas . this product will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the dose of zevalin depends on your body weight , blood platelet counts and what zevalin is being used for ( indication ). the maximum dose must not exceed 1200 mbq (' megabecquerel ', a unit to measure radioactivity ). zevalin is used with another medicine containing the active substance rituximab . you will be given a total of 3 infusions in the course of two visits to a medical facility , 7 to 9 days apart . - on day 1 you will be given one rituximab infusion - on day 7 , 8 , or 9 you will be given one rituximab infusion , followed by one zevalin infusion shortly afterwards ( within 4 hours ). the recommended dose is : for consolidation therapy in patients with follicular lymphoma the usual dose is 15 mbq / kg body weight . for therapy of patients with relapsed or refractory non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma not responding to rituximab the usual dose is 11 or 15 mbq per kg body weight , depending on your blood platelet count . preparation of zevalin zevalin is not used directly , but must be prepared by your healthcare professional first . the kit allows the coupling of antibody ibritumomab tiuxetan with the radioactive isotope yttrium 90y ( radiolabelling ). how zevalin is given zevalin is given by intravenous infusion ( drip into a vein ) usually lasting about 10 minutes . after you are given zevalin the amount of radiation that your body will be exposed to due to zevalin is smaller than with radiotherapy . most radioactivity will decay within the body , but a small part will be eliminated through your urine . therefore , for one week after the zevalin infusion you must wash your hands thoroughly each time after urinating . after treatment your doctor will perform regular blood tests to check your platelet and white cell counts . these usually decrease around two months after start of treatment . if your doctor plans to treat you with some other antibody after treatment with zevalin , you will need to be tested for special antibodies . your doctor will tell you if this applies to you . if you have received more zevalin than you should your doctor will treat you , as appropriate , if you have any particular ill effects . this may include discontinuation of zevalin therapy and treatment with growth factors or your own stem cells .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . pegasys dosing your doctor has determined the exact dose of pegasys , and will tell you how often to use it . if necessary , the dose may be changed during treatment . do not exceed the recommended dose . pegasys is used alone only if you cannot take ribavirin for any reason . pegasys given alone or in combination with ribavirin is usually given at a dose of 180 micrograms once a week . the duration of combination treatment varies from 4 to 18 months depending on the type of virus you are infected with , on treatment response and whether you have been treated before . please check with your doctor and follow the recommended duration of treatment . pegasys injection is normally taken at bedtime . use in children and adolescents your doctor has determined the exact dose of pegasys for your child and will tell you how often to use it . the usual dose of pegasysis based on your child ' s height and weight . if necessary , the dose may be changed during treatment . it is recommended that pegasys pre - filled syringes be used for children and adolescents , as they allow for dose adjustments . do not exceed the recommended dose . the duration of combination treatment in children with chronic hepatitis c varies from 6 to 12 months depending on the type of virus your child is infected with and their response to therapy . in chronic hepatitis b the duration of pegasys treatment is 48 weeks . please check with your doctor and follow the recommended duration of treatment . pegasys injection is normally taken at bedtime . pegasys is intended for subcutaneous use ( under the skin ). this means that pegasys is injected with a short needle into the fatty tissue under the skin in the abdomen or thigh . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to give the injection . detailed instructions are provided at the end of this leaflet ( see " how to inject pegasys "). use pegasys exactly as described by your doctor , for as long as prescribed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of pegasys is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . combination therapy with ribavirin in chronic hepatitis c in the case of combination therapy with pegasys and ribavirin , please follow the dosing regimen recommended by your doctor . combination therapy with other medicines in chronic hepatitis c in the case of combination therapy with pegasys , please follow the dosing regimen recommended by your doctor and refer also to the package leaflets of any other medicines that are used in combination with pegasys . if you use more pegasys than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take pegasys if you realise you missed your injection 1 or 2 days after it was scheduled , you should inject your recommended dose as soon as possible . take your next injection on the regularly scheduled day . if you realise you missed your injection 3 to 5 days after it was scheduled , you should take your injection at the recommended dose as soon as possible . take your next doses at 5 day intervals until you return to your regularly scheduled day of the week . as an example : your regular weekly pegasys injection is on monday . you remember on friday that you forgot to take your injection on monday ( 4 days late ). you should inject your regularly scheduled dose immediately on friday and take your next injection on wednesday ( 5 days after your friday dose ). your next injection will be on the monday , 5 days later after the wednesday injection . you are now back on your regularly scheduled day and should continue your injections every monday . if you realise you missed your injection 6 days after it was scheduled , you should wait and take your dose on the next day , your regularly scheduled day . contact your doctor or pharmacist if you need any help determining how to manage a missed dose of pegasys . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken once daily shortly before or with the first main meal . your doctor will tell you the dose to take or if necessary to change to a different dose . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . if you have the impression that the effect of tandemact is too weak , talk to your doctor . if you are following a special diet for diabetes , you should continue with this while you are taking tandemact . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with tandemact . if you take more tandemact than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level . the symptoms may include cold sweat , tiredness , headache , rapid heartbeat , hunger pangs , irritability , nervousness , nausea , coma or convulsion . your blood sugar level can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take tandemact take tandemact daily as prescribed . however if you miss a dose , skip the missed dose and just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tandemact tandemact should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using tandemact , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with rixubis will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will decide the dose of rixubis you will receive . this dose and duration will depend on the severity of your factor ix deficiency , on the location and extent of the bleeding and on your clinical condition , age and how quickly your body uses up factor ix which will have to be checked regularly . rixubis is administered by intravenous infusion ( iv ) after reconstitution of the powder with the provided solvent by your doctor or nurse . you or somebody else might also administer rixubis as an injection but only after receiving adequate training . reconstitution and administration - for reconstitution use only the solvent and the reconstitution device ( baxject ii ) provided in the pack . - for administration the use of a luer - lock syringe is required . - do not use if the baxject ii device , its sterile barrier system or its packaging is damaged or shows any sign of deterioration . reconstitution use aseptic technique 1 . if the product is stored in a refrigerator , take both the rixubis powder and solvent vials from the refrigerator and let them reach room temperature ( between 15 and 30 ). 2 . wash your hands thoroughly using soap and warm water . 3 . remove caps from powder and solvent vials . 4 . cleanse stoppers with alcohol swabs . place the vials on a flat clean surface . 5 . open the package of baxject ii device by peeling away the paper lid without touching the inside ( fig . a ). do not remove the device from the package . 6 . turn the package over and insert the clear plastic spike through the solvent stopper . grip the package at its edge and pull the package off baxject ii ( fig . b ). do not remove the blue cap from the baxject ii device . 7 . with baxject ii attached to the solvent vial , invert the system so that the solvent vial is on top of the device . insert the white plastic spike through the rixubis stopper . the vacuum will draw the solvent into the rixubis vial ( fig . c ). 8 . swirl gently until all material is dissolved . the product dissolves rapidly ( within 2 minutes ). be sure that rixubis is completely dissolved , otherwise not all reconstituted solution will pass through the device filter . reconstituted medicinal products should be inspected visually for particulate matter and discoloration prior to administration . the solution should be clear or slightly opalescent . do not use solution that are cloudy or have deposits . fig . a fig . b fig . c do not refrigerate the preparation after reconstitution . use immediately . administration use aseptic technique 1 . remove the blue cap from baxject ii . do not draw air into the syringe . connect the syringe to baxject ii ( fig . d ). 2 . invert the system ( the vial with the reconstituted solution has to be on top ). draw the reconstituted solution into the syringe by pulling the plunger back slowly ( fig . e ). 3 . disconnect the syringe . 4 . attach a butterfly needle to the syringe . inject intravenously . the solution should be administered slowly , at a rate as determined by the patient ' s comfort level , not to exceed 10 ml per minute . fig . d fig . e whenever possible , please record the name of the product and the batch number every time you use rixubis ( e . g . in your diary ) to keep track of the products and product batches you have used . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . if you use more rixubis than you should always use rixubis exactly as your doctor has told you . if you are not sure check with your doctor . if you injected more rixubis than recommended , tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use rixubis do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . proceed with the next injection as scheduled and continue as advised by your doctor . if you stop using rixubis do not stop using rixubis without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide on the correct dose of blenrep . the dose is calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 . 5 mg of blenrep per kilogram of your body weight . it is given by your doctor or nurse as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) every three weeks . before your infusion , you should apply lubricating and moistening eye drops ( preservative - free artificial tears ). you should continue to use the eye drops at least 4 times a day whilst you are receiving treatment with blenrep . if you given more blenrep than you should this medicine will be given by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an overdose ) your doctor will check you for side effects . if a dose of blenrep is missed it is very important to go to all your appointments , to make sure your treatment works . if you miss an appointment , make another one as soon as possible . contact your doctor or hospital as soon as possible to re - schedule your appointment .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the dose of synjardy varies depending on your condition and the doses of diabetes medicines you currently take . your doctor will adjust your dose as necessary and tell you exactly which strength of the medicine to take . the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . your doctor will normally start synjardy treatment by prescribing the strength of tablet that supplies the same dose of metformin you are already taking ( 850 mg or 1 , 000 mg twice a day ), and the lowest dose of empagliflozin ( 5 mg twice a day ). if you are already taking both medicines separately , your doctor will start treatment with tablets of synjardy that will supply the same amount of both . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . take the tablets with meals to lower your chance of an upset stomach . take the tablet twice daily by mouth . your doctor may prescribe synjardy together with another diabetes medicine . remember to take all medicines as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . your doctor may need to adjust your doses to control your blood sugar . appropriate diet and exercise help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise program recommended by your doctor while taking synjardy . if you take more synjardy than you should if you take more synjardy tablets than you should have , you may experience lactic acidosis . symptoms of lactic acidosis are non - specific such as feeling or being very sick , vomiting , stomach ache with muscle cramps , a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness , and difficulty in breathing . further symptoms are reduced body temperature and heartbeat . if this happens to you , you may need immediate hospital treatment , as lactic acidosis can lead to coma . stop taking this medicine immediately and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away ( see section 2 ). take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take synjardy if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking synjardy do not stop taking synjardy without first consulting your doctor . your blood sugar levels may increase when you stop taking synjardy . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : 1 capsule , 3 times daily your doctor will assess your response to elmiron every 6 months . method of use take the capsules whole with one glass of water , at least 1 hour before or 2 hours after meals . if you take more elmiron than you should inform your doctor in case of overdose . stop taking elmiron if side effects occur until they disappear . if you forget to take elmiron do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten capsule . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . lutathera will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the recommended dose is 7 , 400 mbq ( megabecquerel , the unit used to express radioactivity ) in a single infusion , which is given at 4 times once every 8 weeks . administration of lutathera and conduct of the procedure lutathera is administered directly into a vein . due to the radiation emitted by this medicine , during the administration procedure , you should be isolated from other patients who are not receiving the same treatment . the doctor will inform you when you can leave the controlled area or the hospital . in addition to administration of lutathera , an infusion with amino acids will be given to you in order to protect your kidneys . this might induce nausea and vomiting ; you will also receive an injection before the start of the treatment to reduce these symptoms . duration of the procedure your nuclear medicine doctor will inform you about the usual duration of the procedure . the medicine infusion takes 30 ± 10 minutes ; but the complete administration procedure will take approximately 5 hours . this treatment is given in 4 treatment cycles which are separated by 8 to 16 weeks . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . treatment monitoring treatment with lutathera can have an impact on blood cells , liver and kidneys ( see section 4 ). in consequence , your doctor will ask you to have regular blood tests in order to check your eligibility for this treatment and to detect any side effects as early as possible . based on the results , your doctor may decide to delay or stop your treatment with this medicine if necessary . after administration of lutathera you will be requested to drink a sufficient amount of water ( 1 glass every hour ) necessary to urinate every hour on the day of infusion and the day after , and try to defecate every day , in order to eliminate the medicine from your body . because this medicine is radioactive , you will have to follow the instructions described below to minimize radiation exposure to others . considering current knowledge and experience in this field and the physical and pharmaceutical properties of the medicine , it is estimated that the health risks to your family members and the general public are low . however , you must adhere to the following rules to maximize the safety of other persons . these rules are the result of many years of experience in the use of radioactivity in medicine , and they include recommendations issued by international organizations . general rule you should limit close contact with people who live with you by keeping a distance of at least one meter for 7 days after you receive lutathera . use of toilets toilets must be used in a seated position , even for men . it is absolutely necessary to use toilet paper each time . it is also important to wash your hands to avoid contaminating the door handles . it is strongly recommended to move your bowels every day and use a laxative if necessary . furthermore , drink frequently and try to urinate every hour on the day you received treatment and on the day after . follow your doctor ' s advice on how much fluid to drink . contact with children and / or pregnant women after your receive lutathera , it is strongly recommended that you limit close contact ( less than 1 meter ) with children and / or pregnant women to less than 15 minutes per day for 7 days . contact with spouse and people in the family circle you should sleep in a separate bedroom from other people for 7 days after you receive lutathera . you should sleep in separate bedrooms from children and / or pregnant women for 15 days after you receive lutathera . breast - feeding breast - feeding must be stopped . if treatment with lutathera during breast - feeding is necessary , the child must be weaned . pregnancy ionizing radiation is dangerous for the foetus , therefore pregnancy is contraindicated . men and women of child - bearing potential must refrain from procreation by using effective contraceptive methods during the treatment and for 6 months after . people who need extra assistance people who are confined to the bed or have reduced mobility will preferably receive assistance by a care provider . it is recommended that when providing assistance in the bathroom , the care provider wears disposable gloves for 7 days after administration . in the case of the use of special medical equipment such as catheters , colostomy bags bedpan , water nozzle , or anything that could be contaminated by your body fluids these must be emptied immediately in the toilet and then cleaned . if anyone helps you clean up vomit , blood , urine , or stool they should wear plastic gloves ; the gloves should then be disposed of in a specific trash plastic bag ( according to the recommendation stated in section " trash recommendations " below ). dishes and bathroom accessories take special precautions during the 7 days after treatment : - flush all wipes and / or toilet paper down the toilet immediately after use , - always wash your hands well after using the toilet , - take a shower every day , - flush any tissues or any other items that contain anything from your body , such as blood , urine and faeces down the toilet . items that cannot be flushed down the toilet , such as menstrual pads and bandages , must be placed in specific trash plastic bags ( according to the recommendation stated in section " trash recommendations " below ). - wash your underwear , pyjamas , sheets and any clothes that contain sweat , blood or urine separately from the laundry of other members of your household , using a standard washing cycle . you do not need to use bleach and do not need extra rinses . trash recommendations keep the specific plastic trash bags separated from the other trash ; keep the bags away from children and animals . a member of the hospital staff will tell you how and when to get rid of these trash bags . you might be asked to bring the bag back to your treatment facility , or , after 70 days , the bag may be removed as the other household waste . hospitalisation and emergency care if for any reason you require emergency medical assistance or unplanned hospitalisation occurs during the 3 months after your treatment , you should inform the medical providers about the nature , the date and the dose of your radioactive treatment . to facilitate that , carry your discharge letter with you at all times . travel keep the discharge letter with you whenever you are travelling for at least 3 months after treatment . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any other special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more lutathera than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will only receive a single dose of lutathera precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the administration procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further question on the use of this medicine , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . fasenra is given as an injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). you and your doctor or nurse should decide if you should inject fasenra yourself . you should not inject fasenra yourself if you have not received fasenra previously and if you had previous allergic reaction with fasenra . you or your caregiver should receive training on the right way to prepare and inject fasenra . read the ' instructions for use ' for the pre - filled syringe carefully before using fasenra . the recommended dose is an injection of 30 mg . the first 3 injections are every 4 weeks . after this , injections are 30 mg every 8 weeks . if a dose of fasenra is missed if you have forgotten to inject a dose of fasenra , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . stopping treatment with fasenra do not stop treatment with fasenra unless your doctor advises you to . interrupting or stopping the treatment with fasenra may cause your asthma symptoms and attacks to come back . if your asthma symptoms get worse while receiving injections of fasenra , call your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . dose swallow the tablet with a drink of water . eliquis can be taken with or without food . try to take the tablets at the same times every day to have the best treatment effect . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take eliquis . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water , or 5 % dextrose in water , or apple juice or apple puree , immediately before you take it . instructions for crushing : crush the tablets with a pestle and mortar . transfer all the powder carefully into a suitable container then mix the powder with a little e . g ., 30 ml ( 2 tablespoons ), water or one of the other liquids mentioned above to make a mixture . swallow the mixture . rinse the pestle and mortar you used for crushing the tablet and the container , with a little water or one of the other liquids ( e . g ., 30 ml ), and swallow the rinse . if necessary , your doctor may also give you the crushed eliquis tablet mixed in 60 ml of water or 5 % dextrose in water , through a nasogastric tube . take eliquis as recommended for the following : to prevent blood clots from forming after hip or knee replacement operations . the recommended dose is one tablet of eliquis 2 . 5 mg twice a day . for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . you should take the first tablet 12 to 24 hours after your operation . if you have had a major hip operation you will usually take the tablets for 32 to38 days if you have had a major knee operation you will usually take the tablets for 10 to 14 days to prevent a blood clot from forming in the heart in patients with an irregular heart beat and at least one additional risk factor . the recommended dose is one tablet of eliquis 5 mg twice a day . the recommended dose is one tablet of eliquis 2 . 5 mg twice a day if : - you have severely reduced kidney function - two or more of the following apply to you : - your blood test results suggest poor kidney function ( value of serum creatinine is 1 . 5 mg / dl ( 133 micromole / l ) or greater ) - you are 80 years old or older - your weight is 60 kg or lower . the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . to treat blood clots in the veins of your legs and blood clots in the blood vessels of your lungs the recommended dose is two tablets of eliquis 5 mg twice a day for the first 7 days , for example , two in the morning and two in the evening . after 7 days the recommended dose is one tablet of eliquis 5 mg twice a day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . for preventing blood clots from re - occurring following completion of 6 months of treatment the recommended dose is one tablet of eliquis 2 . 5 mg twice a day for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor might change your anticoagulant treatment as follows : - changing from eliquis to anticoagulant medicines stop taking eliquis . start treatment with the anticoagulant medicines ( for example heparin ) at the time you would have taken the next tablet . - changing from anticoagulant medicines to eliquis stop taking the anticoagulant medicines . start treatment with eliquis at the time you would have had the next dose of anticoagulant medicine , then continue as normal . - changing from treatment with anticoagulant containing vitamin k antagonist ( e . g ., warfarin ) to eliquis stop taking the medicine containing a vitamin k antagonist . your doctor needs to do blood - measurements and instruct you when to start taking eliquis . - changing from eliquis to anticoagulant treatment containing vitamin k antagonist ( e . g ., warfarin ). if your doctor tells you that you have to start taking the medicine containing a vitamin k antagonist , continue to take eliquis for at least 2 days after your first dose of the medicine containing a vitamin k antagonist . your doctor needs to do blood - measurements and instruct you when to stop taking eliquis . patients undergoing cardioversion if your abnormal heartbeat needs to be restored to normal by a procedure called cardioversion , take eliquis at the times your doctor tells you , to prevent blood clots in blood vessels in your brain and other blood vessels in your body . if you take more eliquis than you should tell your doctor immediately if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of eliquis . take the medicine pack with you , even if there are no tablets left . if you take more eliquis than recommended , you may have an increased risk of bleeding . if bleeding occurs , surgery , blood transfusions , or other treatments that may reverse anti - factor xa activity may be required . if you forget to take eliquis - take the dose as soon as you remember and : - take the next dose of eliquis at the usual time - then continue as normal . if you are not sure what to do or have missed more than one dose , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you stop taking eliquis do not stop taking eliquis without talking to your doctor first , because the risk of developing a blood clot could be higher if you stop treatment too early . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the medicine is supplied as tablets . these must be swallowed whole because they have a special coating to make sure that they pass through your stomach and only break up in your intestines to release the methylthioninium chloride that stains the colon blue . you must not crush or chew them . you will be given a pack containing 8 tablets ( a total of 200 mg methylthioninium chloride ). these must all be taken over a period of 2 hours , the night before your colonoscopy . your doctor will explain how you should take the tablets , which are normally taken together with a bowel cleansing preparation ( a medicine to clear out your colon ). take the tablets as instructed by your doctor . typical instructions are : 1 . after drinking at least 1 litre of the bowel cleansing preparation ( or water ) take the first dose of 3 tablets . 2 . wait 1 hour then take the second dose of 3 tablets . 3 . wait another hour , then take the final dose of 2 tablets . if you take more methylthioninium chloride cosmo than you should the box contains one complete dose of methylthioninium chloride cosmo . therefore you cannot take more methylthioninium chloride cosmo than you should . however , if you take more tablets than you should , you might get some of the side effects listed in section 4 . if you think you have taken more of this medicine than you should , tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you notice any of the following symptoms you should tell your doctor straight away : feeling or being sick , or stomach pain abnormally fast beating of the heart , or chest pain tight chest or difficulty breathing ( e . g . breathlessness ) confusion , dizziness , or headache sweating , tremor , feeling weak , paler skin than usual , or skin turning blue an increase in methaemoglobin ( an abnormal form of haemoglobin in the blood ); high blood pressure . if you forget to take one or more of the doses of methylthioninium chloride cosmo do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablets , take the next dose of tablets according to the bowel cleansing schedule given to you by your doctor , it may be helpful to set an alarm to remind you when to take the medicine . if you stop taking methylthioninium chloride cosmo at your colonoscopy , tell your doctor that you did not take all the tablets . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
dosage : your doctor will decide how much nonafact you require . the exact dose will depend on the seriousness of the clinical situation , your body weight and the amount of factor ix in your blood . if you have to undergo surgery or have a tooth extracted , inform your doctor or dentist that you have factor ix deficiency . they will then ensure that factor ix is administered to you , should this prove necessary . nonafact is given to you by your doctor or nurse . nonafact may be self administered if it is an approved practice in your country and when you have been trained sufficiently . always use nonafact exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . it is important that the concentration of factor ix in your blood is checked regularly . if you are administered 1 iu per kilogram of body weight , the concentration of factor ix in your blood will increase by 1 . 1 % of normal activity . the required dosage is determined using the following formula : required units = body weight ( kg ) x desired factor ix rise (%) ( iu / dl ) x 0 . 9 your doctor will determine the dose of nonafact you need and how frequently you should use it depending on the situation . the following table can be used to guide dosing in bleeding episodes and surgery : degree of bleeding / type of surgical procedure factor ix level required (%) ( iu / dl ) frequency of doses ( hours )/ duration of therapy ( days ) bleeding early signs of bleeding in joints , muscle bleeding or oral bleeding 20 - 40 repeat every 24 hours . at least 1 day , until the bleeding episode as indicated by pain is resolved or healing is achieved . more extensive bleeding in joints , muscle bleeding or haematoma 30 - 60 repeat infusion every 24 hours for 3 - 4 days or more until pain and acute disability are resolved . life threatening bleeding 60 - 100 repeat infusion every 8 to 24 hours until threat is resolved . surgery minor including tooth extraction 30 - 60 every 24 hours , at least 1 day , until healing is achieved . major 80 - 100 ( pre - and postoperative ) repeat infusion every 8 - 24 hours until adequate wound healing , then therapy for at least another 7 days . during the course of treatment it is advised that the concentrations of factor ix in your blood are checked regularly . particularly with major surgery , it is important that the concentrations of factor ix in your blood are checked carefully before and after the operation . for long - term prevention of bleeding in individuals with severe haemophilia b , doses of 20 iu to 40 iu of factor ix per kilogram body weight should be given at intervals of 3 to 4 days . in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosage intervals or higher doses may be necessary . if you have the impression that the effect of nonafact is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . individuals with haemophilia b may develop antibodies ( inhibitors ) against factor ix . as a result , the factor ix product used becomes inactivated ( see possible side effects ). it is advised that the treatment of this serious condition be taken care of in a haemophilia treating centre where an appropriate dose will be determined . the administration of factor ix can repress these inhibitors . instructions for use : dissolving the powder the powder should be dissolved in the supplied amount of water for injections . the solution should not be too cold when it is administered . in addition , the powder will dissolve more readily if both vials are first allowed to reach room temperature ( 15 25 ). 1 . remove from the refrigerator and allow the two vials to reach room temperature ( 15 25 ). 2 . remove the plastic cap from the vials . 3 . disinfect the surface of the stoppers of both vials with a gauze soaked in 70 % alcohol . 4 . remove the protective sheath from one end of a transfer needle and pierce the stopper of the vial containing water for injections . remove the protective sheath from the other end of the transfer needle . invert the solvent vial and pierce the stopper of the vial containing the powder . 5 . tilt the product vial when transferring the solvent to allow the solvent to flow down the side of the vial . 6 . remove the empty vial and the transfer needle . 7 . swirl the vial gently to completely dissolve the powder . do not shake ! the powder dissolves within 5 minutes to produce a clear , colourless to light - yellow solution . immediately before administration , the solution should be inspected : the solution should be clear and must be free of lumps . once dissolved , the product should be used immediately ( at least within 3 hours ). nonafact should never be mixed with other medicinal products . administration 1 . using a hypodermic needle and syringe , draw the dissolved product out of the vial . 2 . nonafact should be injected into a vein ( intravenous administration ). 3 . inject the dissolved product very gradually ( approx . 2 ml per minute ). disposal any unused product or waste material must be discarded as instructed by your doctor or pharmacist . duration of treatment : haemophilia b is a chronic disease , therefore lifelong treatment with a factor ix product may be necessary . if you use more nonafact than you should : no symptoms of overdose with human coagulation factor ix have been reported .
flebogamma dif is given by injection into your veins ( intravenous administration ). it may be self - administered if you have been fully trained by hospital staff . you must make up the infusion in exactly the way you have been shown in order to stop germs getting in . you must never self - administer it alone ; a responsible adult must be always present . the dose that you will be given will depend on your illness and body weight and will be worked out by your doctor ( please see section " instructions for healthcare professionals " given at the end of this leaflet ). at the beginning of your infusion you will receive flebogamma dif at a slow rate ( 0 . 01 - 0 . 02 ml / kg / min ). depending on how comfortable you feel , your doctor may then gradually increase the infusion rate ( up to 0 . 1 ml / kg / min ). - 54 - use in children of more than 2 years old the dose in children is not considered to be different to that of adults as it will be given depending on the illness and body weight of the children . if you use more flebogamma dif than you should if you get more flebogamma dif than you should , your body may take on too much fluid . this could particularly happen when you are a patient at risk , e . g . an elderly patient or a patient having problems with your heart or your kidneys . tell your doctor immediately . if you forget to use flebogamma dif tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately and follow his / her instructions . you must not be given a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
optison should only be administered by doctors experienced in the field of diagnostic ultrasound imaging . optison is administered via an intravenous injection to allow the microspheres to enter the heart chamber and fill the left heart chamber . optison is injected during the ultrasound examination in order to allow the doctor to assess the function of your heart . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml - 3 . 0 ml per patient . a dose of 3 . 0 ml is usually sufficient , but some patients may need higher doses . this dose might be repeated if needed . the duration of the useful imaging time is 2 . 5 - 4 . 5 minutes for a dose of 0 . 5 - 3 . 0 ml . immediately after injection of optison , 10 ml of sodium chloride 9 mg / ml solution for injection or glucose 50 mg / ml solution for injection should be injected at a rate of 1 ml / s to optimise the effect of the contrast agent . if you are given more optison than you should effects suspected to be due to overdose have not been reported .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of dafiro is one tablet per day . it is preferable to take your medicine at the same time each day . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take dafiro with or without food . do not take dafiro with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . dafiro and older people ( age 65 years or over ) your doctor should exercise caution when increasing your dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more dafiro than you should if you have taken too many tablets of dafiro , or if someone else has taken your tablets , consult a doctor immediately . if you forget to take dafiro if you forget to take this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at its usual time . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking dafiro stopping your treatment with dafiro may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . use in adults other form ( s ) of this medicine may be more suitable for adults . the recommended dose of intelence is 200 mg twice a day . in the morning , take two 100 milligram intelence tablets , following a meal . in the evening , take two 100 milligram intelence tablets , following a meal . use in children and adolescents 2 years of age and older and weighing at least 10 kg the doctor will work out the right dose based on the weight of the child . the doctor will inform you exactly how much intelence the child should take . instructions for taking intelence for all patients it is important that you take intelence following a meal . if you take intelence on an empty stomach , only half the amount of intelence is absorbed . follow your doctor ' s advice on the type of meal you should be taking with intelence . swallow the intelence tablet ( s ) whole with a glass of water . do not chew the tablet ( s ). the tablet can be divided into two equal doses . if you are unable to swallow the intelence tablet ( s ) whole , you may do the following : - place the tablet ( s ) in 5 ml ( 1 teaspoon ) of water , or at least enough liquid to cover the medicine , - stir well for about 1 minute until the water looks milky , - if desired , add up to 30 ml ( 2 tablespoons ) more of water or alternatively orange juice or milk ( do not place the tablets directly in orange juice or milk ), - drink it immediately , - rinse the glass several times with water , orange juice , or milk and completely swallow the rinse each time to make sure you take the entire dose . if you mix intelence tablet ( s ) with a liquid , take this first , before other liquid anti - hiv medicines that you need to take at the same time . contact your doctor if you are not able to swallow the entire dose when mixed with a liquid . if your child needs to take intelence tablet ( s ) mixed with a liquid , it is very important that he / she takes the entire dose so that the right amount of medicine enters into the body . if the full dose is not taken , the risk of the virus developing resistance is higher . contact your doctor if your child is not able to swallow the entire dose when mixed with a liquid , as they may consider giving another medicine to treat your child . do not use warm ( 40 and above ) or carbonated beverages when taking intelence tablet ( s ). removing the child resistant cap the plastic bottle comes with a child resistant cap and should be opened as follows : - push the plastic screw cap down while turning it counter clockwise . - remove the unscrewed cap . if you take more intelence than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . the most frequent side effects of intelence are rash , diarrhoea , nausea , and headache ( see section '
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the initial daily dose is usually 100 mg per kilogram of body weight , up to a maximum of 250 mg per kilogram of body weight ( for example , if you weight 10 kg , you should take 1 g per day , or 5 tablets of 200 mg ). in the long term , the daily dose usually ranges from 10 mg to 100 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will determine the dose suitable to you in order to maintain normal ammonia levels in your blood . ucedane should only be administered by mouth or via a feeding tube into the stomach ( using a syringe , if necessary ). when the patient is in hyperammonaemic coma , ucedane is administered by fast push through a syringe via the tube set up and used to feed you . if you take more ucedane than you should ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you forget to take ucedane do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking ucedane do not stop ucedane without informing your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . use your airexar spiromax every day until your doctor advises you to stop . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking airexar spiromax or reduce the dose of airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor first . airexar spiromax should be inhaled through the mouth into the lungs . the recommended dose is : severe asthma in adults 18 years of age and older one inhalation twice a day chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) one inhalation twice a day if you are using airexar spiromax for asthma , your doctor will want to check your symptoms regularly . your doctor will help you to manage your asthma and will adjust the dose of this medicine to the lowest dose that controls your asthma . if your doctor feels that you need a lower dose than is available from your airexar spiromax , your doctor may prescribe an alternative inhaler containing the same active substances as your airexar spiromax but with a lower dose of the corticosteroid . however , do not change the number of inhalations your doctor has prescribed without talking to your doctor first . if your asthma or breathing gets worse tell your doctor straight away . if you feel more wheezy , your chest feels tight more often or you need to use more of your fast - acting ' reliever ' medicine , your chest condition may be getting worse and you could become seriously ill . you should continue to take airexar spiromax but do not increase the number of puffs you take . see your doctor at once as you may need additional treatment . instructions for use training your doctor , nurse or pharmacist should provide you with training on how to use your inhaler , including how to take a dose effectively . this training is important to ensure you receive the dose you require . if you have not received this training please ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist to show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist should also check how you use your spiromax device from time to time to ensure that you are using the device properly and as prescribed . if you are not using airexar spiromax properly and / or you are not breathing in forcefully enough , this may mean that you are not getting enough of the medicine into your lungs . if you are not getting enough medicine into your lungs , it will not help your asthma or copd as it should preparing your airexar spiromax before using your airexar spiromax for the first time , you need to prepare it for use as follows : check the dose indicator to see that there are 60 inhalations in the inhaler . write the date you opened the foil pouch on the label on the inhaler . you do not need to shake your inhaler before you use it . how to take an inhalation 1 . hold your inhaler with the semi - transparent yellow mouthpiece cover at the bottom . you do not need to shake your inhaler . 2 . open the mouthpiece cover by folding it down until you hear one loud click . your inhaler is now ready for use . 3 . breathe out gently ( as far as is comfortable ). do not breathe out through your inhaler . 4 . place the mouthpiece between your teeth . do not bite the mouthpiece . close your lips around the mouthpiece . take care not to block the air vents . breathe in through your mouth as deeply and as forcefully as you can . note that it is important that you breathe in forcefully . 5 . hold your breath for 10 seconds or as long as you comfortably can . 6 . remove your inhaler from your mouth . you may notice a taste when you take your inhalation . 7 . then breathe out gently ( do not breathe out through the inhaler ). close the mouthpiece cover . afterwards , rinse your mouth with water and spit it out and / or brush your teeth . this may help to stop you getting thrush in your mouth and / or becoming hoarse . do not try to take your inhaler apart , remove or twist the mouthpiece cover . the mouthpiece cover is fixed to your inhaler and must not be taken off . do not use your inhaler if it is damaged or if the mouthpiece has come apart from your inhaler . do not open and close the mouthpiece cover unless you are about to use your inhaler . if you open and close the mouthpiece without taking an inhalation the dose will be securely held inside the inhaler ready for the next inhalation . it is impossible to accidentally take extra medicine or a double dose in one inhalation . keep the mouthpiece closed all the times unless you are about to use your inhaler . cleaning your inhaler keep your inhaler dry and clean . if necessary you may wipe the mouthpiece of your inhaler after use with a dry cloth or tissue . when to start using a new airexar spiromax the dose indicator on the rear of the device tells you how many doses ( inhalations ) are left in your inhaler , starting with 60 inhalations when it is full . the dose indicator shows the number of inhalations remaining in even numbers only . for inhalations remaining from 20 downwards to ' 8 ', ' 6 ', ' 4 ', ' 2 ' the numbers are displayed in red on a white background . when the numbers become red in the window , you should see your doctor and get a new inhaler . note : the mouthpiece will still ' click ' even when your inhaler is empty . if you open and close the mouthpiece without taking an inhalation the dose indicator will still register it as a count . if you use more airexar spiromax than you should it is important to use the inhaler as instructed . if you accidentally take more doses than is recommended , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . you may notice your heart beating faster than usual and that you feel shaky . you may also have dizziness , a headache , muscle weakness and aching joints . if you have used too many doses of airexar spiromax for a long time , you should talk to your doctor or pharmacist for advice . this is because using too much airexar spiromax may reduce the amount of steroid hormones produced by your adrenal glands . if you forget to use airexar spiromax do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop using airexar spiromax it is very important that you take your airexar spiromax every day as directed . keep taking it until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop or suddenly reduce your dose of airexar spiromax . this could make your breathing worse . in addition , if you suddenly stop taking airexar spiromax or reduce your dose of airexar spiromax this may ( very rarely ) cause you to have problems with your adrenal glands ( adrenal insufficiency ) which sometimes causes side effects . these side effects may include any of the following : stomach pain tiredness and loss of appetite , feeling sick sickness and diarrhoea weight loss headache or drowsiness low levels of sugar in your blood low blood pressure and seizures ( fits ) when your body is under stress such as from fever , trauma ( such as an accident or injury ), infection , or surgery , adrenal insufficiency can get worse and you may have any of the side effects listed above . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . to prevent these symptoms , your doctor may prescribe extra corticosteroids in tablet form ( such as prednisolone ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the doctor treating you will administer evicel during surgery . during your operation , your doctor will drip or spray evicel onto raw tissue , using an application device . this device allows equal amounts of the two components of evicel to be administered at the same time , and ensures that they mix evenly , which is important for the sealant to have its optimal effect . the amount of evicel that will be applied depends on the surface area of tissue to be treated during the operation . it will be dripped onto the tissue in very small amounts or sprayed in short bursts ( 0 . 1 - 0 . 2 ml ), to produce a thin , even layer . if application of a single layer of evicel does not completely stop the bleeding , a second layer may be applied .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to apply altargo a thin layer of ointment is usually put on the infected skin twice a day for five days . after applying your ointment , you may cover the treated area with a sterile bandage or gauze dressing , unless your doctor has told you to leave it uncovered . keep using altargo for as long as your doctor advises . altargo is for use on the skin only . it must not be put in the eyes , on the mouth or lips , inside the nose or inside the female genital area . if the ointment accidentally gets on to these areas , wash the area with water and consult your doctor if you experience discomfort . if you accidentally use altargo inside your nose you could have a nose bleed . wash your hands before and after applying the ointment . if you use more altargo than you should carefully wipe off the extra ointment . if you forget to use altargo apply the ointment as soon as you remember , and apply the next dose at the usual time . if you accidentally swallow altargo contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you stop using altargo if you stop using altargo too soon , the bacteria may start to grow again and your infection may come back . do not stop using this medicine before talking to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take anagrelide mylan exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the amount of anagrelide that people take can be different , and this depends on your condition . your doctor will prescribe the best dose for you . the usual starting dose of this medicine is 1 mg . you take this dose as one capsule of 0 . 5 mg twice a day , for at least a week . after this time , your doctor may either increase or decrease the number of capsules that you take to find the dose best suited to you and which treats your condition most effectively . your capsules should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . do not crush the capsules or dilute the contents in a liquid . you can take the capsules with food or after a meal or on an empty stomach . it is best to take the capsule ( s ) at the same time every day . do not take more capsules than your doctor has recommended . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests at regular intervals to check that your medicine is working effectively and that your liver and kidneys are working well . if you take more anagrelide mylan than you should if you take more anagrelide mylan than you should or if someone else has taken your medicine , tell a doctor or pharmacist immediately . show them the pack of anagrelide mylan . if you forget to take anagrelide mylan take your capsules as soon as you remember . take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . you should perform the test in the presence of your doctor or another qualified person . the recommended dose is patients from the age of 12 must take the content of one jar for one test . method of use you must have fasted for 6 hours before application , preferably overnight . ask your doctor , if fasting is a problem , for example for diabetic patients . the test procedure lasts approximately 40 minutes . the test should be performed following at least : 4 weeks after a therapy against a bacterial infection 2 weeks after the last administration of a medicine to reduce release of stomach acid both groups of medicines could influence the results of the helicobacter test infai . this is particularly after a therapy to remove helicobacter pylori . it is important to follow the instructions for use exactly , otherwise the result may be questionable . essential items not supplied with helicobacter test infai before the breath test is performed a liquid test meal is taken to delay the stomach from emptying . the test meal is not provided within the kit . the following are suitable test meals : 200 ml 100 % orange juice or 1 g citric acid dissolved in 200 ml water if you cannot take either of these test meals , please tell your doctor , who will suggest an alternative . a drinking vessel and tap water is required to dissolve the 13c - urea powder . if the test needs to be repeated , this should be done on the following day at the earliest . special instructions for use ( for mass spectrometry ) the test is to be performed after instruction by a healthcare professional and under appropriate medical supervision . the patient data should be documented using the provided data sheet . it is recommended that you take the test in a resting position . 1 . the test should be carried out after having fasted 6 hours before application , preferably overnight . if the test needs to be carried out later in the day , only a light meal like tea and toast is recommended . 2 . the test begins with the collection of samples for determining the baseline values : the straw and sample tubes labelled " sampling time : 00 - minute - value " are taken from the test set . the stopper is removed from one of the sample containers and place the unwrapped straw into the container . now the patient breathes gently through the straw into the sample tube until the inside of the sample tube steams up . the patient must continue to breathe through the straw while removing it from the sample tube , and then immediately seal the tube with its stopper . if the sample tube remains open for more than 30 seconds , the result could be inaccurate . the sample container should be held upright and the bar - code label marked " 00 - minute - value " will be stuck round the sample container so that the lines of the bar code are horizontal . 3 . now the second sample container ( labelled " sampling time : 00 - minute - value ") has to be filled up with breath in the same way as described above . 4 . then the patient must drink the recommended test meal ( 200 ml 100 % orange juice or 1 g citric acid in 200 ml water ). 5 . now the preparation of the test solution follows . the jar labelled " 13c - urea powder " is removed from the test set , opened , and filled up to about three quarters with tap water . the jar is closed and carefully shaken until all the powder has dissolved completely . the contents are poured into a drinking glass , the jar filled a second and third time with water and the contents transferred into the drinking glass , so that approximately 30 ml of test solution is obtained . 6 . the patient should drink this test solution immediately . the time of intake must be noted . 7 . minutes after the test solution has been taken ( point 6 ), the " 30 - minute - value " samples are collected in both containers , which remain in the pack ( labelled " sampling time : 30 - minute - value ") as described under points 2 and 3 . the bar - code labels marked " 30 - minute - value " must be used for these samples . 8 . the corresponding bar - code label must be put on the data sheet for patient documentation . all breath sample containers should be placed back into the original packaging . this packaging should be sealed with the remaining sticker . 9 . the package must be sent to a qualified laboratory for analysis . medical or healthcare professionals can find detailed information on the analysis of breath samples and the testing specifications for laboratories , in section 6 . 6 of the summary of product characteristics . if you take more helicobacter test infai than you should because only 75 mg 13c - urea is provided overdose is not to be expected . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ristempa is for use in adults aged 18 and over . always take ristempa exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . do not shake ristempa vigorously as this may affect its activity . injecting ristempa yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject ristempa yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with ristempa , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . if you use more ristempa than you should if you use more ristempa than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to inject ristempa if you have forgotten a dose of ristempa , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . even if you feel better , do not stop taking darunavir krka or ritonavir without talking to your doctor . after therapy has been initiated , the dose or dosage form must not be changed or therapy must not be stopped without instruction of the doctor . darunavir krka 400 and 800 milligram tablets are only to be used to construct the once daily 800 milligram regimen . this product is only available as film coated tablets and is thus not suitable for patients who are unable to swallow intact tablets , for example young children . for use in these patients , more suitable formulations containing darunavir should be checked for their availability . dose for adults who have not taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your doctor will determine this ) the usual dose of darunavir krka is 800 milligram ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir krka or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir krka ) once daily . you must take darunavir krka every day and always in combination with 100 milligram of ritonavir and with food . darunavir krka cannot work properly without ritonavir and food . you must eat a meal or a snack within 30 minutes prior to taking your darunavir krka and ritonavir . the type of food is not important . even if you feel better , do not stop taking darunavir krka and ritonavir without talking to your doctor . instructions for adults take two 400 milligram tablets at the same time or one 800 miligram tablet , once a day , every day . take darunavir krka always together with 100 milligram of ritonavir . take darunavir krka with food . swallow the tablets with a drink such as water or milk . take your other hiv medicines used in combination with darunavir krka and ritonavir as recommended by your doctor . dose for adults who have taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your doctor will determine this ) maybe you will require a different dose of darunavir krka which cannot be administered with these 400 or 800 milligram tablets . other strengths of darunavir krka are available . the dose is either : 93 800 milligram darunavir krka ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir krka or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir krka ) together with 100 milligram ritonavir once daily . or 600 milligram darunavir krka ( 1 tablet containing 600 milligram of darunavir krka ) together with 100 milligram ritonavir twice daily . please discuss with your doctor which dose is right for you . dose for children 3 years of age and above with ritonavir , weighing more than 40 kilograms who have not taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your child ' s doctor will determine this ) the usual dose of darunavir krka is 800 milligram ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir krka or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir krka ) together with 100 milligram ritonavir once daily . dose for children 3 years of age and above with ritonavir , weighing more than 40 kilograms who have taken antiretroviral medicines before ( your child ' s doctor will determine this ) the dose is either : 800 milligram darunavir krka ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir krka or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir krka ) together with 100 milligram ritonavir once daily . or 600 milligram darunavir krka ( 1 tablet containing 600 milligram of darunavir krka ) together with 100 milligram ritonavir twice daily . please discuss with your doctor which dose is right for you . instructions for children 3 years of age and above with ritonavir , weighing more than 40 kilograms take 800 milligram darunavir krka ( 2 tablets containing 400 milligram of darunavir krka or 1 tablet containing 800 milligram of darunavir krka ) at the same time , once a day , every day . take darunavir krka always together with 100 milligram of ritonavir . take darunavir krka with food . swallow the tablets with a drink such as water or milk . take your other hiv medicines used in combination with darunavir krka and ritonavir as recommended by your doctor . if you take more darunavir krka than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take darunavir krka if you notice within 12 hours , you must take the tablets immediately . always take with ritonavir and food . if you notice after 12 hours , then skip the intake and take the next doses as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking darunavir krka and ritonavir if you vomit within 4 hours of taking the medicine , another dose of darunavir krka and ritonavir should be taken with food as soon as possible . if you vomit more than 4 hours after taking the medicine , then you do not need to take another dose of daruanvir krka and ritonavir until the next regularly scheduled time . contact your doctor if you are uncertain about what to do if you miss a dose or vomit . do not stop taking darunavir krka without talking to your doctor first anti - hiv medicines may make you feel better . even when you feel better , do not stop taking darunavir krka . talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
xerava will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the recommended dose for adults is based on body weight and is 1 mg / kg every 12 hours . your doctor may increase your dose ( 1 . 5 mg / kg every 12 hours ) if you are taking other medicines including rifampicin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin , or st . john ' s wort . it will be given to you through a drip directly into a vein ( intravenously ) over approximately 1 hour . a course of treatment usually lasts for 4 to 14 days . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated for . if you are given more xerava than you should xerava will be given to you in hospital by a doctor or nurse . it is , therefore , unlikely that you will be given too much . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much xerava . if you miss a dose of xerava xerava will be given to you in hospital by a doctor or nurse . it is , therefore , unlikely that you will miss a dose . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how dupixent is given dupixent is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). how much dupixent you will receive your doctor will decide which dose of dupixent is right for you . recommended dose in adults with atopic dermatitis for patients with atopic dermatitis , the recommended dose of dupixent is : an initial dose of 600 mg ( two 300 mg injections ) followed by 300 mg given every other week by subcutaneous injection . recommended dose in adolescents with atopic dermatitis the recommended dose of dupixent for adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ) with atopic dermatitis is based on body weight : 106 body weight of patient initial dose subsequent doses ( every other week ) less than 60 kg 400 mg ( two 200 mg injections ) 200 mg 60 kg or more 600 mg ( two 300 mg injections ) 300 mg recommended dose in children with atopic dermatitis the recommended dose of dupixent for children ( 6 to 11 years of age ) with atopic dermatitis is based on body weight : body weight of patient initial dose subsequent doses 15 kg to less than 60 kg 300 mg ( one 300 mg injection ) on day 1 , followed by 300 mg on day 15 300 mg every 4 weeks *, starting 4 weeks after day 15 dose 60 kg or more 600 mg ( two 300 mg injections ) 300 mg every other week * the dose may be increased to 200 mg every other week based on the doctor ' s opinion . recommended dose in adult and adolescent patients with asthma ( 12 years of age and older ) for patients with severe asthma and who are on oral corticosteroids or for patients with severe asthma and co - morbid moderate - to - severe atopic dermatitis or adults with co - morbid severe chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis , the recommended dose of dupixent is : an initial dose of 600 mg ( two 300 mg injections ) followed by 300 mg given every other week administered as subcutaneous injection . for all other patients with severe asthma , the recommended dose of dupixent is : an initial dose of 400 mg ( two 200 mg injections ) followed by 200 mg given every other week administered as subcutaneous injection . recommended dose in adults with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis ( crswnp ) in crswnp , the recommended first dose of dupixent is 300 mg followed by 300 mg given every two weeks by subcutaneous injection . injecting dupixent dupixent is given by injection under your skin ( subcutaneous injection ). you and your doctor or nurse should decide if you should inject dupixent yourself . before injecting dupixent yourself you must have been properly trained by your doctor or nurse . your dupixent injection may also be given by a caregiver after proper training by a doctor or nurse . each pre - filled syringe contains one dose of dupixent ( 300 mg ). do not shake the pre - filled syringe . read the " instructions for use " for the pre - filled syringe carefully before using dupixent . if you use more dupixent than you should if you use more dupixent than you should or the dose has been given too early , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use dupixent if you have forgotten to inject a dose of dupixent , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you stop using dupixent do not stop using dupixent without speaking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for you or your child will depend on your or your child ' s age and weight . the targeted maintenance dose is 1 . 3 g / m2 / day . dosing schedule take this medicine two times a day , every 12 hours . to get the most benefit from this medicine , try to avoid meals and dairy products for at least 1 hour before and 1 hour after procysbi dosing . if this is not possible , you can eat a small amount ( about 100 grams ) of food ( preferably carbohydrates e . g . bread , pasta , fruits ) during the hour before and after procysbi administration . it is important to take procysbi in a consistent way over time . do not increase or decrease the amount of medicine without your doctor ' s approval . the total usual dose should not exceed 1 . 95 g / m2 / day . duration of treatment treatment with procysbi should continue life - long , as instructed by your doctor . method of administration you should take this medicine only by mouth . in order for this medicine to work correctly , you must do the following : - swallow the whole capsule with an acidic drink ( such as orange juice or any acidic juice ) or water . do not crush or chew capsules or capsule contents . do not give gastro - resistant hard capsules to children under 6 years of age because they may not be able to swallow them and they may choke . for patients who cannot swallow the whole capsule , the gastro - resistant hard capsule may be opened and the contents may be sprinkled on food ( such as apple sauce or berry jelly ) or mixed in with an acidic drink ( such as orange juice or any acidic juice ) or water . consult your child ' s doctor for complete directions . - your medical treatment may include , in addition to cysteamine , one or more supplements to replace important electrolytes lost through the kidneys . it is important to take these supplements exactly as instructed . if several doses of the supplements are missed or weakness or drowsiness develops , call your doctor for instructions . - regular blood tests to measure the amount of cystine inside white blood cells and / or the concentration of cysteamine in the blood are necessary to help determine the correct dose of procysbi . you or your doctor will arrange for these blood tests to be performed . these tests must be obtained 12 . 5 hours after the evening dose the day before , and therefore 30 minutes after the following morning dose is given . regular blood and urine tests to measure the levels of the body ' s important electrolytes are also necessary to help you or your doctor correctly adjust the doses of these supplements . if you take more procysbi than you should you should contact your doctor or the hospital emergency department immediately if you have taken more procysbi than you should . you may become drowsy . if you forget to take procysbi if you missed a dose of medicine , you should take it as soon as possible . however , if it is within 4 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
general information about taking this medicine : always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose and duration of rebetol depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . use in children and adolescents dosing for children above 3 years of age and adolescents depends on how much the person weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the recommended dose of rebetol combined with interferon alfa - 2b or peginterferon alfa - 2b , is shown in the below table . rebetol dose based on body weight when used in combination with interferon alfa - 2b or peginterferon alfa - 2b in children above 3 years of age and adolescents if the child / adolescent weighs ( kg ) usual daily rebetol dose number of 200 mg capsules 47 - 49 600 mg 1 capsule in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening 50 - 65 800 mg 2 capsules in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening > 65 see adult dose take your prescribed dose by mouth with water and during your meal . do not chew the hard capsules . for children or adolescents who cannot swallow a hard capsule , an oral solution of this medicine is available . reminder : this medicine is used in combination with other medicines for hepatitis c virus infection . for complete information be sure to read the " how to use " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with rebetol . if you take more rebetol than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take rebetol take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration irbesartan teva is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take irbesartan teva with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take irbesartan teva until your doctor tells you otherwise . patients with high blood pressure the usual dose is 150 mg once a day . the dose may later be increased to 300 mg once daily depending on blood pressure response . patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes , 300 mg once daily is the preferred maintenance dose for the treatment of associated kidney disease . the doctor may advise a lower dose , especially when starting treatment in certain patients such as those on haemodialysis , or those over the age of 75 years . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 4 - 6 weeks after beginning treatment . if you take more irbesartan teva than you should : if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take irbesartan teva if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
a doctor or nurse will give you mylotarg through a drip in your vein ( intravenous infusion [ iv ]) gradually over 2 hours . your doctor or nurse will decide on the correct dose . your doctor may change your dose , interrupt , or completely stop treatment with mylotarg if you have certain side effects . your doctor may lower your dose based on your response to treatment . your doctor will do blood tests during the treatment to check for side effects and for response to treatment . before you receive mylotarg , you will be given some medicines to help reduce symptoms such as fever and chills , known as infusion reactions , during or shortly after the mylotarg infusion . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken orally at the same time each day . senshio should be taken with food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . senshio must be taken every day for as long as your doctor tells you to . patients with liver disease this medicine is not recommended if you have severely reduced liver function . if you take more senshio than you should if you take more tablets than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take senshio if you forget to take a tablet you should take the missed tablet ( with food ) as soon as you remember within the same day . do not take two tablets in one day to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop using senshio you will not benefit from the effects of senshio if you stop using it without talking to your doctor . your doctor will explain the effects of stopping treatment and will also discuss other possibilities for treatment with you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
before starting the treatment your doctor will determine the amount of her2 in your tumour . only patients with a large amount of her2 will be treated with ogivri . ogivri should only be given by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of ogivri depends on your body weight . the first dose of your treatment is given over 90 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of infusions you receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . ogivri is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion , drip ), this intravenous formulation is not for subcutaneous use and should be given as an intravenous infusion only . for early breast cancer , metastatic breast cancer and metastatic gastric cancer , ogivri is given every 3 weeks . ogivri may also be given once a week for metastatic breast cancer . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is ogivri ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . if you stop using ogivri do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . all doses should be taken at the right time every week or every three weeks ( depending on your dosing schedule ). this helps your medicine work as well as it can . it may take up to 7 months for ogivri to be removed from your body . therefore , your doctor may decide to continue to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day in the morning and evening . the effects of bretaris genuair last for 12 hours ; therefore , you should try to use your bretaris genuair inhaler at the same time every morning and evening . this ensures that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . it will also help you to remember to use it . the recommended dose can be used for elderly patients and for patients with kidney or liver problems . no dose adjustments are necessary . copd is a long - term disease ; therefore , it is recommended that bretaris genuair is used every day , twice a day and not only when breathing problems or other symptoms of copd are experienced . route of administration 27 the medicine is for inhalation use . refer to the instructions for use for instructions on how to use the genuair inhaler . if you are not sure of how to use bretaris genuair , contact your doctor or pharmacist . you can use bretaris genuair any time before or after food or drink . if you use more bretaris genuair than you should if you think you may have used more bretaris genuair than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use bretaris genuair if you forget a dose of bretaris genuair , inhale the dose as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using bretaris genuair this medicine is for long - term use . if you want to stop treatment , first talk to your doctor , as your symptoms may worsen . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
from 18 years onwards : you will receive two doses of prepandrix . the second dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks and up to twelve months after the first dose . from 80 years onwards : you may receive two double injections of prepandrix . the first two injections should be given at the elected date and the two other injections should preferably be given 3 weeks after . use in children in a clinical study , children 3 to 9 years of age have received either two adult ( 0 . 5 ml ) or two half adult ( 0 . 25 ml ) doses of a similar vaccine containing a / vietnam / 1194 / 2004 . your doctor will decide the appropriate dose for your child . your doctor or nurse will give you prepandrix . they will give prepandrix as an injection into a muscle . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given in opposite arms . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
treatment with jivi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . after suitable training patients or carers may be able to give jivi at home . always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet and as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the dose of factor viii units is measured in international units ( iu ). treatment of bleeding to treat a bleed , your doctor will calculate and adjust your dose and how often it should be given , depending on factors such as : your weight the severity of your haemophilia a where the bleeding is and how serious it is whether you have inhibitors and how high their level is the factor viii level that is needed . prevention of bleeding to prevent bleeding your doctor will select an appropriate dose and frequency depending on your need : 4560 iu per kg body weight every 5 days or 60 iu per kg body weight every 7 days or 30 - 40 iu per kg body weight two times per week . laboratory tests laboratory tests at suitable intervals help to ensure you always have adequate factor viii levels . for major surgery in particular , your blood clotting must be closely monitored . duration of treatment usually jivi treatment for haemophilia is needed lifelong . how jivi is given jivi is injected into a vein over 2 to 5 minutes depending on the total volume and your comfort level . the maximum rate is 2 . 5 ml per minute . jivi should be used within 3 hours after reconstitution . how jivi is prepared for injection use only the components ( vial adapter , pre - filled syringe containing solvent and venipuncture set ) provided with each package of this medicine . please contact your doctor if these components cannot be used . do not use if any component of the package is opened or damaged . the reconstituted product must be filtered by using the vial adapter before injection to remove any possible particles in the solution . this medicine must not be mixed with other injections . do not use solutions that are cloudy or contain visible particles . follow the instructions for use given by your doctor and provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more jivi than you should tell your doctor if this occurs . no symptoms of overdose have been reported . if you forget to use jivi inject your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using jivi do not stop using this medicine without checking with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . nutropinaq therapy should be carried out under regular guidance of a doctor who is experienced in growth hormone deficiency . the dose of nutropinaq to be injected will be decided by your doctor . do not change the dosage without consulting your doctor . the recommended dose is : in children with growth hormone deficiency : 0 . 025 - 0 . 035 mg / kg bodyweight injected each day under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). in girls with turner syndrome : up to 0 . 05 mg / kg bodyweight injected each day under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). in children with chronic renal insufficiency : up to 0 . 05 mg / kg bodyweight injected each day under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). you can continue treatment with nutropinaq until you have a kidney transplant . in adults with growth hormone deficiency : low initial doses of 0 . 15 - 0 . 3 mg injected each day under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). then the doctor can increase the dose depending on your response . the final dose is rarely above 1 . 0 mg / day . in general , the lowest dose leading to a response should be given to you . treatment with nutropinaq is a long - term therapy . for further information ask your doctor . how to inject nutropinaq the dose of nutropinaq to be injected will be decided by your doctor . you have to inject nutropinaq every day under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). it is important to change the place where you have your injection every day to avoid damaging your skin . nutropinaq is supplied as a multi - dose solution . after removal from the refrigerator , if the solution is cloudy , the content must not be injected . gently swirl . do not shake vigorously as it could denature the protein . to inject nutropinaq you should use the nutropinaq pen . for each injection you should use a new sterile injection needle . read all the instructions for use carefully ( on the reverse ) before you start using nutropinaq pen . at the start of therapy , it is recommended that a doctor or a nurse give you the injection and train you with the nutropinaq pen . after this training , you will be able to inject yourself or be injected by a trained care - giver . if you use more nutropinaq than you should if you have injected more nutropinaq than you should have , contact your doctor for advice . if you inject too much nutropinaq , your blood sugar level may decrease and become too low and then rise too high ( hyperglycaemia ). if you inject too much nutropinaq over a long period of time ( years ), you may experience some overgrowth of parts of your body such as ears , nose , lips , tongue and cheekbone ( gigantism and / or acromegaly ). if you forget to take nutropinaq do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . continue with your usual dosage the next day and tell your doctor at your next appointment . if you stop using nutropinaq ask advice from you doctor before you stop using nutropinaq . if you stop using nutropinaq too early or for too long , the results will not be as expected . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
chondrocelect can only be prescribed and implanted by an orthopaedic surgeon in a hospital . treatment with chondrocelect : a two - step procedure . visit 1 : evaluation of the cartilage defect and biopsy on the first visit , the surgeon will evaluate your cartilage defect during an exploratory operation ( arthroscopy ). an arthroscopy is performed through very small incisions in the skin , using a narrow telescope ( arthroscope ) to look at the inside of the knee . if the surgeon decides that treatment with chondrocelect is appropriate for you , he / she will take a small sample of cartilage cells ( a biopsy ) from your knee . this cartilage sample will be used to make chondrocelect . it will take at least four weeks to select and culture the cells to make chondrocelect . visit 2 : chondrocelect implantation 23 during open - knee surgery , the cartilage cells are implanted into the cartilage defect . this is called ' autologous chondrocyte implantation ' ( aci ). the purpose is to repair the defect with healthy and functional cartilage over time . to keep the cartilage cells in place , a biological membrane is sewn over the defect . rehabilitation after surgery , you will have to follow a rehabilitation program for approximately one year , to allow your knee to heal well . your doctor or physical therapist will give you more details on your rehabilitation . it is very important to carefully observe the recommendations of your doctor and / or physical therapist . if you do not follow your rehabilitation schedule , the risk of treatment failure may increase . you should be very cautious when bending and putting weight on your treated knee . during the rehabilitation period , the level of weight - bearing will increase gradually , depending on your weight and the size of the cartilage defect . to protect your knee , you will have to wear a brace . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or physical therapist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel teva ( 1 tablet of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel teva per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel teva for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel teva than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel teva if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva , but remember within 12 hours of usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet for the 28x1 tablets pack size , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of clopidogrel teva by referring to the calendar printed on the blister if you stop taking clopidogrel teva do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use asthma the recommended dose to treat asthma is one inhalation ( 92 micrograms of fluticasone furoate and 22 micrograms of vilanterol ) once daily at the same time each day . if you have severe asthma , your doctor may decide that you should use one inhalation of the higher strength inhaler ( 184 micrograms fluticasone furoate and 22 micrograms of vilanterol ). this dose is also used once daily at the same time each day . copd the recommended dose to treat copd is one inhalation ( 92 micrograms of fluticasone furoate and 22 micrograms of vilanterol ) once daily at the same time each day . the higher strength of relvar ellipta ( 184 micrograms fluticasone furoate and 22 micrograms of vilanterol ) is not suitable for the treatment of copd . relvar ellipta is for inhalation use . use relvar ellipta at the same time each day as it is effective over 24 hours it is very important that you use this medicine every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . relvar ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you feel you are getting breathless or wheezy more often than normal , or if you are using your quick - acting inhaler more than usual , see your doctor . how to use relvar ellipta see ' step - by - step instructions ' after section 6 of this leaflet for full information . you do not need to prepare relvar ellipta in any special way , not even the first time you use it . if your symptoms do not improve if your symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or get worse , or if you are using your quick - acting inhaler more often : contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you use more relvar ellipta than you should if you accidentally take more relvar ellipta than your doctor has instructed , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky or have a headache . if you have used more than instructed for a long period of time , it is particularly important that you ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . this is because larger doses of relvar ellipta may reduce the amount of steroid hormones produced naturally by your body . if you forget to use relvar ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , or develop any other symptoms of an asthma attack , use your quick - acting inhaler ( e . g . salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . do not stop using relvar ellipta without advice use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . it will only be effective as long as you are using it . do not stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your concentrate for solution for infusion will be diluted and given slowly into a vein over about 3 hours unless otherwise stated . the amounts ( dose ) of paxene you will be given will be worked out depending on your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will also take into account the results of your blood tests and your medical condition . if necessary , your doctor will adjust the dosage during the treatment . aids - related kaposi ' s sarcoma the usual dose of paxene is 100 mg / m2 of body surface area . you will be given paxene every two weeks , as long as the results of your blood tests show that it is safe to carry on with your treatment . advanced breast cancer and ovarian cancer ( second - line therapy ) the usual dose of paxene is 175 mg / m2 of body surface area . you will be given paxene every three weeks , as long as the results of your blood tests show that it is safe to carry on with your treatment . advanced ovarian cancer ( first - line therapy ) two doses of paxene may be given : paxene 175 mg / m2 of body surface area administrated as a 3 hour infusion into a vein , followed by another medicine , cisplatin , every three weeks ; alternatively paxene 135 mg / m2 given as a 24 hour infusion , followed by cisplatin , every three weeks . your continued treatment will depend on the results of your blood tests showing that it is safe to carry on with your treatment . advanced non - small cell lung cancer the usual dose of paxene is 175 mg / m2 of body surface area , followed by cisplatin every three weeks . you will be given this therapy as long as the results of your blood tests show that it is safe to carry on with your treatment . to help prevent allergic reactions occurring while you are receiving your infusion you will be given medication before your treatment starts . twelve and then six hours before your infusion you will be given dexamethasone ( a steroid ), either as a tablet to swallow or as an injection . half to one hour before your infusion you will be given two different types of injection ( an antihistamine and an h2 antagonist ). you will only be given your infusion under medical supervision , and you will be checked regularly while you are having your infusion to see how you are reacting to it . if you have a history of heart problems , your heart rate may be monitored . if any problems occur while you are having your infusion , the medical staff will be on hand to take any necessary action .
always take erivedge exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . taking this medicine the recommended dose is one capsule each day . swallow the capsule whole with a drink of water . do not crush , open or chew the capsule , to avoid unintended exposure to the capsule contents . erivedge can be taken with or without food . if you take more erivedge than you should if you take more erivedge than you should , talk to your doctor . if you forget to take erivedge do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose , but resume with the next scheduled dose . if you stop taking erivedge do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first as this could make your treatment less effective . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take tolura exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of tolura is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take tolura with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take tolura every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of tolura is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose of tolura for most patients is one 40 mg tablet once a day to control blood pressure over the 24 hour period . your doctor has recommended a lower dose of one 20 mg tablet daily . tolura may also be used in combination with diuretics (' water tablets ') such as hydrochlorothiazide which has been shown to have an additive blood pressure lowering effect with tolura . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose of tolura is one 80 mg tablet once a day . at the beginning of the preventive therapy with tolura 80 mg , blood pressure should be frequently monitored . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg once daily . if you take more tolura than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take tolura 61 if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
pazenir will be given to you by a doctor or nurse into a vein from an intravenous drip . the dose you receive is based on your body surface area and blood test results . the usual dose for breast cancer is 260 mg / m2 of body surface area given over a 30 minute period . the usual dose for advanced pancreatic cancer is 125 mg / m2 of body surface area given over a 30 minute period . the usual dose for non - small cell lung cancer is 100 mg / m2 of body surface area given over a 30 minute period . how often will you receive pazenir ? for treatment of metastatic breast cancer , pazenir is usually given once every three weeks ( on day 1 of a 21 day cycle ). for treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer , pazenir is given on days 1 , 8 and 15 of each 28 - day treatment cycle with gemcitabine being given immediately after the pazenir . for treatment of non - small cell lung cancer pazenir is given once every week ( i . e . on days 1 , 8 and 15 of a 21 day cycle ), with carboplatin being given once every three weeks ( i . e . only on day 1 of each 21 - day cycle ), immediately after the pazenir dose has been given . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take dasselta . if your allergic rhinitis is intermittent ( presence of symptoms for less than 4 days per week or for less than 4 weeks ), your doctor will recommend you a treatment schedule that will depend on the evaluation of the history of your disease . if your allergic rhinitis is persistent ( presence of symptoms for 4 days or more per week and for more than 4 weeks ), your doctor may recommend you a longer term treatment . for urticaria , the duration of treatment may be variable from patient to patient and therefore you should follow the instructions of your doctor . if you take more dasselta than you should take dasselta only as it is prescribed for you . no serious side effects are expected with accidental 22 overdose . however , if you take more dasselta than you were told to , tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take dasselta if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible and then go back to your regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
elzonris will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor . about an hour before your treatment begins , you will be given medicines to help prevent an allergic reaction , including anti - histamines , a corticosteroid and paracetamol . the amount of elzonris given to you is based on your body weight and will be calculated by your doctor . the daily recommended dose is 12 micrograms per kilogram of your body weight . it is given as a 15 - minute drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ), once a day , for the first 5 days of a 21 - day cycle . the first cycle will be given to you in hospital . you will be monitored for any side effectsduring treatment and for at least 24 hours after the last dose . you will usually have more than one cycle of treatment . your doctor will decide how many treatments you will receive . if the first cycle does not cause troublesome side effects , your next cycle of treatment may be given in a clinic . you will be monitored during treatment . if you miss a dose of elzonris it is very important for you to keep all your appointments to receive elzonris . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you stop using elzonris do not stop treatment with elzonris without first talking to your doctor . stopping your treatment may make your condition worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor has carried out blood tests and decided you need epoetin alfa hexal . epoetin alfa hexal may be given by injection : either into a vein or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how epoetin alfa hexal will be injected . usually the injections will be given to you by a doctor , nurse or other health care professional . some people , depending on why they need epoetin alfa hexal treatment , may later learn how to inject themselves under the skin : see instructions on how to inject epoetin alfa hexal yourself at the end of the leaflet . epoetin alfa hexal should not be used : after the expiry date on the label and outer carton if you know , or think that it may have been accidentally frozen , or if there has been a refrigerator failure . the dose of epoetin alfa hexal you receive is based on your body weight in kilograms . the cause of your anaemia is also a factor in your doctor deciding the correct dose . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are using epoetin alfa hexal . people with kidney disease 80 your doctor will maintain your haemoglobin level between 10 and 12 g / dl as a high haemoglobin level may increase the risk of blood clots and death . in children the haemoglobin level should be maintained between 9 . 5 and 11 g / dl . the usual starting dose of epoetin alfa hexal for adults and children is 50 international units ( iu ) per kilogram (/ kg ) of body weight given three times a week . for patients on peritoneal dialysis epoetin alfa hexal may be given twice a week . for adults and children epoetin alfa hexal is given as an injection either into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein . when this access ( via a vein or tube ) is not readily available , your doctor may decide that epoetin alfa hexal should be injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this includes patients on dialysis and patients not yet on dialysis . your doctor will order regular blood tests to see how your anaemia is responding and may adjust the dose , usually no more frequently than every four weeks . a rise in haemoglobin of greater than 2 g / dl over a four week period should be avoided . once your anaemia has been corrected , your doctor will continue to check your blood regularly . your epoetin alfa hexal dose and frequency of administration may be further adjusted to maintain your response to treatment . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your anaemia . if you do not respond adequately to epoetin alfa hexal , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of epoetin alfa hexal . if you are on a more extended dosing interval ( greater than once weekly ) of epoetin alfa hexal , you may not maintain adequate haemoglobin levels and you may require an increase in epoetin alfa hexal dose or frequency of administration . you may be given iron supplements before and during epoetin alfa hexal treatment to make it more effective . if you are having dialysis treatment when you begin treatment with epoetin alfa hexal , your dialysis regime may need to be adjusted . your doctor will decide this . adults on chemotherapy your doctor may initiate treatment with epoetin alfa hexal if your haemoglobin is 10 g / dl or less . your doctor will maintain your haemoglobin level between 10 and 12 g / dl as a high haemoglobin level may increase the risk of blood clots and death . the starting dose is either 150 iu per kilogram body weight three times a week or 450 iu per kilogram body weight once a week . epoetin alfa hexal is given by injection under the skin . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how your anaemia responds to epoetin alfa hexal treatment . you may be given iron supplements before and during epoetin alfa hexal treatment to make it more effective . you will usually continue epoetin alfa hexal treatment for one month after the end of chemotherapy . adults donating their own blood the usual dose is 600 iu per kilogram body weight twice a week . epoetin alfa hexal is given by injection into a vein immediately after you have donated blood for 3 weeks before your surgery . you may be given iron supplements before and during epoetin alfa hexal treatment to make it more effective . adults scheduled for major orthopaedic surgery the recommended dose is 600 iu per kilogram body weight once a week . epoetin alfa hexal is given by injection under the skin each week for three weeks before surgery and on the day of surgery . if there is a medical need to reduce the time before your operation , you will be given a daily dose of 300 iu / kg for up to ten days before surgery , on the day of surgery and for four days immediately afterwards . if blood tests show your haemoglobin is too high before the operation , the treatment will be stopped . you may be given iron supplements before and during epoetin alfa hexal treatment to make it more effective . adults with myelodysplastic syndrome your doctor may initiate treatment with epoetin alfa hexal if your haemoglobin is 10 g / dl or less . the aim of treatment is to maintain your haemoglobin level between 10 and 12 g / dl as a higher haemoglobin level may increase the risk of blood clots and death . epoetin alfa hexal is given by injection under the skin . the starting dose is 450 iu per kilogram bodyweight once a week . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how your anaemia responds to epoetin alfa hexal treatment . instructions on how to inject epoetin alfa hexal yourself when treatment starts , epoetin alfa hexal is usually injected by a medical professional or a nurse . later , your doctor may suggest that you or your caregiver learn how to inject epoetin alfa hexal under the skin ( subcutaneously ) yourself . do not attempt to inject yourself unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . always use epoetin alfa hexal exactly as instructed by your doctor or nurse . ensure that you only inject the amount of liquid as instructed by your doctor or nurse . only use epoetin alfa hexal if it has been stored correctly see section 5 , how to store epoetin alfa hexal . before use , leave the epoetin alfa hexal syringe to stand until it reaches room temperature . this usually takes between 15 and 30 minutes . use the syringe within 3 days of taking it out of the refrigerator . only take one dose of epoetin alfa hexal from each syringe . if epoetin alfa hexal is injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ), the amount injected is not normally more than one millilitre ( 1 ml ) in a single injection . epoetin alfa hexal is given alone and not mixed with other liquids for injection . do not shake epoetin alfa hexal syringes . prolonged vigorous shaking may damage the product . if the product has been shaken vigorously , don ' t use it . instructions on how to inject yourself with epoetin alfa hexal can be found at the end of this leaflet . if you use more epoetin alfa hexal than you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you think too much epoetin alfa hexal has been injected . side effects from an overdose of epoetin alfa hexal are unlikely . if you forget to use epoetin alfa hexal make the next injection as soon as you remember . if you are within a day of your next injection , forget the missed one and carry on with your normal schedule . do not double up the injections to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
kiovig is intended for intravenous administration ( infusion into a vein ). it is given to you by your doctor or nurse . dose and frequency of the infusion will vary depending on your condition and your body weight . at the beginning of your infusion you will receive kiovig at a slow rate . dependent on how comfortable you are , your doctor may then gradually increase the infusion rate . use in children and adolescents the same indications , dose and frequency of infusion as for adults apply for children and adolescents ( age 0 to 18 ). if you use more kiovig than you should if you get more kiovig than you should , your blood may become too thick ( hyperviscous ). this could particularly happen when you are a patient at risk , e . g . an elderly patient or a patient having problems with your kidneys . be sure that you take adequate fluids so you are not dehydrated and notify your physician if you are known to have medical problems .
you may have had an initial consultation with the surgeon 2 to 3 weeks prior to alofisel administration . the following information is related to the day when alofisel is administered . alofisel is injected by a surgeon in the fistula tract tissue . the recommended dose is 120 million cells . before treatment with alofisel , you will be given an anaesthetic . once you have been anaesthetised ( general or regional anaesthesia ), your surgeon will : clean the fistulas with salt water and remove any scar tissue . stitch up the inner openings of the fistulas . inject alofisel . half of the dose will be injected into the tissue around the inner openings of the fistulas , and half of the dose in the tissue walls along the fistulas . massage softly for 20 to 30 seconds the area where the fistula opens on to the skin near your anus . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or surgeon .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or diabetes nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist , or diabetes nurse if you are not sure . you should inject this medicine once a week , at any time of day , with or without meals . you should inject this medicine into the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) of your stomach area ( abdomen ), upper leg ( thigh ), or the back of your upper arm . do not inject into a vein or muscle . each week you can use the same area of your body . be sure to choose a different injection site in that area . never mix insulin and bydureon together in the same injection . if you need to give yourself both at the same time , use two separate injections . you may give both injections in the same body area ( for example , your stomach area ), but you should not give the injections next to each other . test your blood glucose levels regularly , it is particularly important to do this if you are also using a sulphonylurea . follow the " instructions for the user " provided in the carton to inject bydureon your doctor or diabetes nurse should teach you how to inject this medicine before you use it for the first time . check that the liquid in the syringe is clear and free of particles before you begin . after mixing , use the suspension only if the mixture is white to off white and cloudy . if you see clumps of dry powder on the sides or bottom of the vial , the medicine is not mixed well . shake vigorously again until well mixed . you should inject this medicine immediately after mixing the powder and the solvent . use a new injection needle for each injection and dispose of it safely after each use as instructed by your doctor or diabetes nurse . if you use more bydureon than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , please consult with your doctor first as you may need medical treatment . using too much of this medicine can cause nausea , vomiting , dizziness , or symptoms of low blood sugar ( see section 4 ). if you forget to use bydureon you might like to choose a day that you always plan to make your bydureon injection . if you miss a dose and there are 3 days or more until your next dose is due , then take the missed dose as soon as it is possible to do so . for your next injection you can return to your chosen injection day . if you miss a dose and there are only 1 or 2 days until your next dose is due , skip the missed dose and take the next one as usual , on the day it is due . you can also change your chosen injection day , as long as your last dose was given 3 or more days before . do not take two doses of bydureon within 3 days of each other . if you are not sure you have taken the full dose of bydureon if you are not sure if you have taken all of your dose , do not inject another dose of this medicine , just take it next week as planned . if you stop using bydureon if you feel you should stop using this medicine , please consult your doctor first . if you stop using this medicine this can affect your blood sugar levels . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or diabetes nurse .
you will be given vocabria as an injection , either once every month or once every 2 months , together with another injection of medicine called rilpivirine . your doctor will advise you of your dosing schedule . a nurse or doctor will give you vocabria through an injection in the muscle of your buttock ( intramuscular , or im , injection ). when you first start treatment with vocabria your doctor will tell you : to take one 30 mg vocabria tablet and one 25 mg rilpivirine tablet , once a day , for approximately one month 65 after that receive monthly or every 2 month injections . this first month is called the lead - in period . it allows your doctor to assess whether it ' s appropriate to proceed with injections . injection schedule for monthly dosing when which medicine month 1 ( at least 28 days ) at month 2 following one month of tablets . month 3 onwards vocabria 30 mg tablet once a day 600 mg injection 400 mg injection every month rilpivirine 25 mg tablet once a day 900 mg injection 600 mg injection every month injection schedule for every 2 month dosing which medicine when month 1 ( at least 28 days ) at month 2 and month 3 following one month of tablets month 5 onwards vocabria 30 mg tablet once a day 600 mg injection 600 mg injection every 2 months rilpivirine 25 mg tablet once a day 900 mg injection 900 mg injection every 2 months if you miss a vocabria injection contact your doctor immediately to make a new appointment it is important that you keep your regular planned appointments to receive your injection to control your hiv and to stop your illness from getting worse . talk to your doctor if you are thinking about stopping treatment . talk to your doctor if you think you will not be able to receive your vocabria injection at the usual time . your doctor may recommend you take vocabria tablets instead , until you are able to receive vocabria injection again . if you are given too much vocabria injection a doctor or nurse will give this medicine to you , so it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you are worried , tell the doctor or nurse . don ' t stop receiving vocabria injections without advice from your doctor . keep receiving vocabria injections for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to . if you stop , your doctor must start you on another hiv treatment within a month of your last vocabria injection if you are having monthly injections , and within two months of your last vocabria injection if you are having injections every two months , to reduce the risk of developing viral resistance . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with alprolix will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you ( see section 7 ). check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . alprolix is given as an injection into a vein . you or somebody else may administer alprolix after receiving adequate training . your doctor will decide the dose of alprolix ( in international units or " iu ") you will receive . the dose will depend on your individual needs for replacement factor ix therapy and on 26 whether it is used for prevention or treatment of bleeding . talk to your doctor if you think that your bleeding is not being controlled with the dose you receive . how often you need an injection will depend on how well alprolix is working for you . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . treatment of bleeding the dose of alprolix is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor ix levels to be achieved . the target factor ix levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using alprolix to prevent bleeding , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the usual dose of alprolix is 50 iu per kg of body weight , given once a week or 100 iu per kg of body weight , given once every 10 days . the dose or interval may be adjusted by your doctor . in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosing intervals or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents alprolix can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 12 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed and the usual dose is 50 to 60 iu per kg of body weight , given once every 7 days . if you use more alprolix than you should tell your doctor as soon as possible . you should always use alprolix exactly as your doctor has told you , check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you forget to use alprolix do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your dose as soon as you remember and then resume your normal dosing schedule . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you stop using alprolix do not stop using alprolix without consulting your doctor . if you stop using alprolix you may no longer be protected against bleeding or a current bleed may not stop . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will determine your dose depending on your weight and the type of infection you have . your doctor may change your dose depending upon your condition . the recommended dose for adults ( including elderly patients ) is as follows : intravenous dose for the first 24 hours ( loading dose ) 6 mg / kg every 12 hours for the first 24 hours dose after the first 24 hours ( maintenance dose ) 4 mg / kg twice a day depending on your response to treatment , your doctor may decrease the dose to 3 mg / kg twice daily . the doctor may decide to decrease the dose if you have mild to moderate cirrhosis . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose for children and teenagers is as follows : intravenous children aged 2 to less than 12 years and teenagers aged 12 to 14 years weighing less than 50 kg teenagers aged 12 to 14 years weighing 50 kg or more ; and all teenagers older than 14 dose for the first 24 hours ( loading dose ) 9 mg / kg every 12 hours for the first 24 hours 6 mg / kg every 12 hours for the first 24 hours dose after the first 24 hours ( maintenance dose ) 8 mg / kg twice a day 4 mg / kg twice a day depending upon your response to treatment , your doctor may increase or decrease the daily dose . voriconazole hikma powder for solution for infusion will be reconstituted and diluted to the correct concentration by your hospital pharmacist or nurse . ( please refer to the end of this leaflet for further information ). this will be given to you by intravenous infusion ( into a vein ) at a maximum rate of 3 mg / kg per hour over 1 to 3 hours . if you or your child are taking voriconazole hikma for prevention of fungal infections , your doctor may stop giving voriconazole hikma if you or your child develop treatment related side effects . if a dose of voriconazole hikma has been forgotten : as you will be given this medicine under close medical supervision , it is unlikely that a dose would be missed . however , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you think that a dose has been forgotten . if you stop taking voriconazole hikma voriconazole hikma treatment will continue for as long as your doctor advises , however the duration of treatment with voriconazole should be no more than 6 months . patients with a weakened immune system or those with difficult infections may require long term treatment to prevent the infection from returning . you may be switched from the intravenous infusion to tablets once your condition improves . when voriconazole hikma treatment is stopped by your doctor you should not experience any effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
dosage and frequency of administration the dose of avastin needed depends on your body weight and the kind of cancer to be treated . the recommended dose is 5 mg , 7 . 5 mg , 10 mg or 15 mg per kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of avastin that is right for you . you will be treated with avastin once every 2 or 3 weeks . the number of infusions that you receive will depend on how you are responding to treatment ; you should continue to receive this medicine until avastin fails to stop your tumour growing . your doctor will discuss this with you . method and route of administration avastin is a concentrate for solution for infusion . depending on the dose prescribed for you , some or all of the contents of the avastin vial will be diluted with sodium chloride solution before use . a doctor or nurse will give you this diluted avastin solution by intravenous infusion ( a drip into your vein ). the first infusion will be given to you over 90 minutes . if this is well - tolerated the second infusion may be given over 60 minutes . later infusions may be given to you over 30 minutes . the administration of avastin should be temporarily discontinued if you develop severe high blood pressure requiring treatment with blood pressure medicines , if you have problems with wound healing following surgery , if you undergo surgery . the administration of avastin should be permanently discontinued if you develop severe high blood pressure which cannot be controlled by blood pressure medicines ; or a sudden severe rise in blood pressure , presence of protein in your urine accompanied by swelling of your body , 71 a hole in your gut wall , an abnormal tube - like connection or passage between the windpipe and the gullet , between internal organs and skin , between the vagina and any parts of the gut or between other tissues that are not normally connected ( fistula ), and are judged by your doctor to be severe , serious infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , a blood clot in your arteries , a blood clot in the blood vessels of your lungs , any severe bleeding . if too much avastin is given you may develop a severe migraine . if this happens you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if a dose of avastin is missed your doctor will decide when you should be given your next dose of avastin . you should discuss this with your doctor . if you stop treatment with avastin stopping your treatment with avastin may stop the effect on tumour growth . do not stop treatment with avastin unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your endocrinologist , nurse or pharmacist has told you . check with your endocrinologist , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . your endocrinologist will decide on the right dose of alkindi based on your child ' s weight or size ( body surface area ) and then adjust the dose of alkindi as your child grows . during illnesses , at times of surgical operations and during times of serious stress , your endocrinologist may recommend additional doses of alkindi and may also advise that your child receives other forms of hydrocortisone instead of , or as well as , alkindi . how to give this medicine the granules should be given into the mouth and should not be chewed . the capsule shell should not be swallowed but should be carefully opened as follows : 34 35 if you give more alkindi than you should if you give your child more alkindi than you should , contact your endocrinologist or pharmacist for further advice as soon as possible . if you forget to give alkindi if you forget to give your child a dose , give your child that dose as soon as you remember as well as their next dose at the usual time even if this means that your child receives two doses at the same time . if you stop giving alkindi do not stop giving your child alkindi without asking your endocrinologist first . stopping the medicine suddenly could quickly make your child very unwell . if your child becomes unwell tell your endocrinologist or pharmacist if your child becomes ill , suffers severe stress , gets injured or is about to have surgery because your endocrinologist may need to increase the dose of alkindi in these circumstances ( see section 2 ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how it is given rixathon will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given rixathon as a drip ( intra - venous infusion ). medicines given before each rixathon administration before you are given rixathon you will be given other medicines ( premedication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will receive your treatment a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having rixathon alone rixathon will be given to you once a week for 4 weeks . repeated treatment courses with rixathon are possible . if you are having rixathon with chemotherapy rixathon will be given to you on the same day as your chemotherapy . this is usually given every 3 week up to 8 times . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given rixathon as a maintenance treatment every 2 or 3 months for two years . your doctor may change this , depending on how you respond to the medicine . b ) if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with rixathon in combination with chemotherapy , you will receive rixathon infusions on day 0 cycle 1 then day 1 of each cycle for 6 cycles in total . each cycle has a duration of 28 days . the chemotherapy should be given after the rixathon infusion . your doctor will decide if you should receive concomitant supportive therapy . c ) if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis each course of treatment is made up of two separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart . repeated courses of treatment with rixathon are possible . depending on the signs and symptoms of your disease , your doctor will decide when you should receive more rixathon . this may be months from now . d ) if you are being treated for granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis treatment with rixathon uses four separate infusions given at weekly intervals . corticosteroids will usually be given by injection before the start of rixathon treatment . corticosteroids given by mouth may be started at any time by your doctor to treat your condition . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given rixathon as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered as 2 separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart , followed by 1 infusion every 6 months for at least 2 years . your doctor may decide to treat you longer with rixathon ( up to 5 years ), depending on how you respond to the medicine . e ) if you are being treated for pemphigus vulgaris each course of treatment is made up of two separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given rixathon as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered 1 year and 18 months after the initial treatment and then every 6 months as needed or your doctor may change this , depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . palynziq is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). dose you will start palynziq at the lowest dose . you will use the 2 . 5 mg syringe once a week for at least the first 4 weeks . the 2 . 5 mg syringe has a white plunger . your doctor will then slowly increase your dose and / or how often you inject palynziq . your doctor will tell you how long to stay at each dose . slowly increasing your dose over time allows your body to adjust to this medicine . the goal is to reach a daily dose that lowers your blood phenylalanine levels to within the target range of 120 to 600 micromol / l and does not cause too many side effects . patients usually need a daily dose of 20 mg , 40 mg , or 60 mg to reach their target blood phenylalanine level . example of steps to reach your blood phenylalanine goal palynziq dose and how often to take it syringe colour 2 . 5 mg once a week 2 . 5 mg two times a week white plunger 10 mg once a week 10 mg twice a week 10 mg four times a week 10 mg daily green plunger 20 mg daily 40 mg daily ( 2 injections of 20 mg pre - filled syringe ) 1 60 mg daily ( 3 injections of 20 mg pre - filled syringe ) 1 blue plunger 1 if you need more than one injection to receive your daily dose , all injections should be done at the same time of day and injection sites should be at least 5 centimetres away from each other . do not divide your daily dose throughout the day . your doctor will continue to check your blood phenylalanine levels during treatment and may adjust your dose of palynziq or ask you to change your diet . your doctor will need to check your blood phenylalanine monthly to see if this medicine is working for you . starting palynziq your healthcare provider will give you the palynziq injection until you ( or a caregiver ) can do it yourself . your doctor will prescribe medicines for you to take before your palynziq injection , such as paracetamol , fexofenadine , and / or ranitidine . these medicines help to reduce the symptoms of an allergic reaction . a healthcare provider will monitor you for at least 1 hour after you get palynziq for signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction . your doctor will also prescribe adrenaline injection device to use for any severe allergic reactions . your healthcare provider will also tell you which signs and symptoms to look out for and what to do if you have a severe allergic reaction . your doctor will show you how and when to use the adrenaline injection device . keep it with you at all times . continuing palynziq this medicine comes in pre - filled syringes with 3 different strengths ( 2 . 5 mg - white plunger , 10 mg - green plunger , or 20 mg - blue plunger ). you may need more than one pre - filled syringe for your prescribed dose . your healthcare provider will tell you which syringe , or a combination of syringes , to use and will show you ( or a caregiver ) how to inject palynziq . the " instructions for use " ( section 7 of this leaflet ) shows you : o how to prepare and inject palynziq and o how to throw away palynziq syringes properly after you use them your doctor will tell you how long to continue taking medicines such as paracetamol , fexofenadine , and / or ranitidine before you take palynziq . for at least the first 6 months of palynziq treatment , you must have someone with you when you self - inject palynziq , and for at least 1 hour after your injection to watch for signs and symptoms of a severe allergic reaction and , if needed , give you an injection of adrenaline and call for emergency medical help . o your doctor will train them on the signs and symptoms of a severe allergic reaction and how to give an injection of adrenaline . o your doctor will tell you if you need an observer for longer than 6 months . do not change your protein intake unless your doctor tells you to . if you use more palynziq than you should if you use more palynziq than you should , tell your doctor . see section 4 for details on what to do based on your symptoms . if you forget to use palynziq if you miss a dose , take your next dose at the regular time . do not take two doses of palynziq to make up for a missed dose . if you stop taking palynziq if you stop taking palynziq treatment , your blood phenylalanine levels are likely to increase . talk to your doctor before stopping palynziq treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . dose swallow the tablet with a drink of water . apixaban accordcan be taken with or without food . try to take the tablets at the same times every day to have the best treatment effect . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to takeapixaban accord . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water , or 5 % glucose in water , or apple juice or apple puree , immediately before you take it . instructions for crushing : crush the tablets with a pestle and mortaror with the convex side of a spoon on a plate . transfer all the powder carefully into a suitable container then mix the powder with a little e . g ., 30 ml ( 2 tablespoons ), water or one of the other liquids mentioned above to make a mixture . swallow the mixture . rinse the pestle andmortar or the spoon and plate ) you used for crushing the tablet and the container , with a little water or one of the other liquids ( e . g ., 30 ml ), and swallow the rinse . if necessary , your doctor may also give you the crushed apixaban accordtablet mixed in 60 ml of water or 5 % glucose in water , through a nasogastric tube . take apixaban accord as recommended for the following : to prevent blood clots from forming after hip or knee replacement operations . the recommended dose is one tablet of apixaban accord 2 . 5 mg twice a day . for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . you should take the first tablet 12 to 24 hours after your operation . if you have had a major hip operation you will usually take the tablets for 32 to38 days if you have had a major knee operation you will usually take the tablets for 10 to 14 days to prevent a blood clot from forming in the heart in patients with an irregular heart beat and at least one additional risk factor . the recommended dose is one tablet of apixaban accord 5 mg twice a day . the recommended dose is one tablet of apixaban accord2 . 5 mg twice a day if : - you have severely reduced kidney function - two or more of the following apply to you : - your blood test results suggest poor kidney function ( value of serum creatinine is 1 . 5 mg / dl ( 133 micromole / l ) or greater ) - you are 80 years old or older - your weight is 60 kg or lower . the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . to treat blood clots in the veins of your legs and blood clots in the blood vessels of your lungs the recommended dose is two tablets of apixaban accord 5 mg twice a day for the first 7 days , for example , two in the morning and two in the evening . after 7 days the recommended dose is one tablet of apixaban accord 5 mg twice a day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . for preventing blood clots from re - occurring following completion of 6 months of treatment the recommended dose is one tablet of apixaban accord 2 . 5 mg twice a day for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor might change your anticoagulant treatment as follows : - changing from apixaban accord to anticoagulant medicines stop taking apixaban accord . start treatment with the anticoagulant medicines ( for example heparin ) at the time you would have taken the next tablet . - changing from anticoagulant medicines to apixaban accord stop taking the anticoagulant medicines . start treatment with apixaban accord at the time you would have had the next dose of anticoagulant medicine , then continue as normal . - changing from treatment with anticoagulant containing vitamin k antagonist ( e . g ., warfarin ) to apixaban accordstop taking the medicine containing a vitamin k antagonist . your doctor needs to do blood - measurements and instruct you when to start taking apixaban accord . - changing from apixaban accordto anticoagulant treatment containing vitamin k antagonist ( e . g ., warfarin ). if your doctor tells you that you have to start taking the medicine containing a vitamin k antagonist , continue to take apixaban accordfor at least 2 days after your first dose of the medicine containing a vitamin k antagonist . your doctor needs to do blood - measurements and instruct you when to stop taking apixaban accord . patients undergoing cardioversion if your abnormal heartbeat needs to be restored to normal by a procedure called cardioversion , take apixaban accordat the times your doctor tells you , to prevent blood clots in blood vessels in your brain and other blood vessels in your body . if you take more apixaban accord than you should tell your doctor immediately if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of apixaban accord . take the medicine pack with you , even if there are no tablets left . if you take more apixaban accord than recommended , you may have an increased risk of bleeding . if bleeding occurs , surgeryor blood transfusions or other treatments that may reverse anti - factor xa activity may be required . if you forget to take apixaban accord - take the dose as soon as you remember and : - take the next dose of apixaban accordat the usual time - then continue as normal . if you are not sure what to do or have missed more than one dose , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you stop taking apixaban accord do not stop taking apixaban accord without talking to your doctor first , because the risk of developing a blood clot could be higher if you stop treatment too early . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take avaglim tablets exactly as your doctor has told you . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is one combined tablet ( 4 mg rosiglitazone and 4 mg glimepiride ), taken once a day . after about 8 weeks your doctor may need to increase your dose . the maximum dose is one combined tablet of 8 mg rosiglitazone and 4 mg glimepiride , taken once a day . how to take swallow the tablets with some water . it is best to take avaglim with food , or just before food , usually with your first main meal of the day . take your tablets around the same time every day and follow any dietary advice that your doctor has given you . if you take more avaglim than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . you may be at risk of having low blood sugar and need hospital treatment . if you forget to take avaglim don ' t take extra tablets to make up for a missed dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . don ' t stop taking avaglim take avaglim for as long as your doctor recommends . if you stop taking avaglim , your blood sugar will not be controlled , and you may become unwell . talk to your doctor if you want to stop .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . he will base the dose on your serum phosphate level . the recommended starting dose of renagel for adults and the elderly (> 65 years ) is two to four tablets with each meal 3 times a day . initially your doctor will check the levels of phosphate in your blood every 2 - 3 weeks and may adjust the dose of renagel when necessary ( between 1 and 10 tablets of 400 mg per meal ) to reach an adequate phosphate level . the tablets must be swallowed whole . do not crush , chew or break into pieces prior to swallowing . patients taking renagel should adhere to their prescribed diet and liquid intake . if you take more renagel than you should in the event of a possible overdose you should contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take renagel if you have missed one dose , this dose should be omitted and the next dose should be taken at the usual time with a meal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
being given this medicine perjeta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse in a hospital or clinic . it is given by a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) once every three weeks . the amount of medicine you are given and how long the infusion will last are different for the first dose and following doses . the number of infusions you will be given depends on how you respond to treatment and whether you are receiving treatment before or after surgery ( neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy ) or for disease which has spread . perjeta is given with other cancer treatments ( trastuzumab andchemotherapy ). for the first infusion : you will be given 840 mg of perjeta over 60 minutes . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your infusion and for 60 minutes afterwards . you will also be given trastuzumab and chemotherapyl . for all following infusions , if the first infusion was well tolerated : you will be given 420 mg of perjeta over 30 to 60 minutes . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your infusion and for 30 to 60 minutes afterwards . you will also be given trastuzumab and chemotherapy . for further information on dosing of trastuzumab and chemotherapy ( which can cause side effects as well ), please refer to the package leaflet for these products . if you have questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor or nurse . if you forget to have perjeta if you forget or miss your appointment to receive perjeta make another appointment as soon as possible . if it has been 6 weeks or more since your last visit a higher perjeta dose of 840 mg will be given to you . if you stop having perjeta do not stop having this medicine without talking to your doctor first . it is important that you are given all the infusions that have been recommended . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take carbaglu exactly as your doctor has instructed you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose : the initial daily dose is usually 100 mg per kilogram of body weight , up to a maximum of 250 mg per kilogram of body weight ( for example , if you weight 10kg , you should take 1g per day , or 5 tablets ), for patients suffering from n - acetylglutamate synthase deficiency , in the long term , the daily dose usually ranges from 10 mg to 100 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will determine the dose suitable to you in order to maintain normal ammonia levels in your blood . carbaglu should only be administered by mouth or via a feeding tube into the stomach ( using a syringe , if necessary ). when the patient is in hyperammonaemic coma , carbaglu is administered by fast push through a syringe via the tube set up and used to feed you . if you take more carbaglu than you should ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you forget to take carbaglu do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking carbaglu do not stop carbaglu without informing your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ervebo is given by a healthcare worker . it is given as a single injection ( dose of 1 ml ) in the top of your arm or the outside of your thigh . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your healthcare worker .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). adolescents aged 12 to less than 18 years who weigh at least 35 kg : one tablet each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). if you have particular difficulty swallowing , you can use the tip of a spoon to crush the tablet . then mix the powder with about 100 ml ( half a glass ) of water , orange juice or grape juice and drink immediately . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are an adult and have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may advise you to take tenofovir disoproxil zentiva less frequently . if you have hbv your doctor may offer you an hiv test to see if you have both hbv and hiv . refer to the patient information leaflets of the other antiretrovirals for guidance on how to take those medicines . if you take more tenofovir disoproxil zentiva than you should if you accidentally take too many tenofovir disoproxil zentiva tablets , you may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). contact your doctor or nearest emergency department for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take tenofovir disoproxil zentiva it is important not to miss a dose of tenofovir disoproxil zentiva . if you miss a dose of tenofovir disoproxil zentiva , work out how long since you should have taken it . if it is less than 12 hours after it is usually taken , take it as soon as you can , and then take your next dose at its regular time . if it is more than 12 hours since you should have taken it , forget about the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you throw up less than 1 hour after taking tenofovir disoproxil zentiva , take another tablet . you do not need to take another tablet if you were sick more than 1 hour after taking tenofovir disoproxil zentiva . if you stop taking tenofovir disoproxil zentiva do not stop taking tenofovir disoproxil zentiva without your doctor ' s advice . stopping treatment with tenofovir disoproxil zentiva may reduce the effectiveness of the treatment recommended by your doctor . if you have hepatitis b or hiv and hepatitis b together ( co - infection ), it is very important not to stop your tenofovir disoproxil zentiva treatment without talking to your doctor first . some patients have had blood tests or symptoms indicating that their hepatitis has got worse after stopping tenofovir disoproxil zentiva . you may require blood tests for several months after stopping treatment . in some patients with advanced liver disease or cirrhosis , stopping treatment is not recommended as this may lead to worsening of your hepatitis . talk to your doctor before you stop taking tenofovir disoproxil zentiva for any reason , particularly if you are experiencing any side effects or you have another illness . tell your doctor immediately about new or unusual symptoms after you stop treatment , particularly symptoms you associate with hepatitis b infection . contact your doctor before you restart taking tenofovir disoproxil zentiva tablets . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : - starting dose for adults : 3 to 6 tablets daily , in separated doses , with or immediately after main meals of the day . taking the tablets with meals will help the medicine to work . patients not on dialysis require the lower starting dose : 3 tablets daily , in separated doses , with or immediately after meals of the day . your doctor may decrease or increase the starting dose depending on the level of phosphorus in your blood . your doctor will monitor the phosphorus levels regularly . this blood test may be part of your routine tests for your kidney disease . - maximum dose : 12 tablets daily , in separated doses , with or immediately after meals of the day . method of use take the tablets whole , with one glass of water , with or immediately after meals . if you take more fexeric than you should if you take too much fexeric , tell your doctor of pharmacist . contact a doctor or poison control centre immediately if a child accidentally takes fexeric . if you forget to take fexeric take the next dose at the usual time with a meal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking fexeric treatment of high blood phosphorus levels is usually required for a long period of time . it is important that you continue taking fexeric for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this way , you can be sure your medicine is fully effective and you reduce the risk of the virus developing resistance to the treatment . the recommended adult dose of reyataz capsules is 300 mg once daily with 100 mg ritonavir once daily and with food , in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor may adjust the dose of reyataz according to your anti - hiv therapy . for children ( 6 to less than 18 years of age ), your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the dose of reyataz capsules for children is calculated by body weight and is taken once daily with food and 100 mg ritonavir as shown below : body weight ( kg ) reyataz dose once daily ( mg ) ritonavir dose * once daily ( mg ) 15 to less than 35 200 100 at least 35 300 100 * ritonavir capsules , tablets or oral solution may be used . reyataz is also available as an oral powder for use in children at least 3 months old and weighing at least 5 kg . switching to reyataz capsules from reyataz oral powder is encouraged as soon as patients are able to consistently swallow capsules . a change in dose may occur when switching between oral powder and capsules . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . there are no dosing recommendations for reyataz in paediatric patients less than 3 months of age . take reyataz capsules with food ( a meal or a substantial snack ). swallow the capsules whole . do not open the capsules . if you take more reyataz than you should yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) and irregular heart beat ( qtc prolongation ) may occur if you or your child take too much reyataz . if you accidentally take more reyataz capsules than your doctor recommended , contact your hiv doctor at once or contact the nearest hospital for advice . if you forget to take reyataz if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as possible with food and then take your next scheduled dose at its regular time . if it is almost time for your next dose , do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at its regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking reyataz do not stop taking reyataz before talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . yentreve is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . the recommended dose of yentreve is 40 mg twice a day ( in the morning and late afternoon / evening ). your doctor may decide to start your treatment with 20 mg twice a day for two weeks before increasing the dose to 40 mg twice a day . to help you remember to take yentreve , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . do not stop taking yentreve , or change your dose , without talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more yentreve than you should call your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the amount of yentreve prescribed by your doctor . symptoms of overdose include sleepiness , coma , serotonin syndrome ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits , vomiting and fast heart rate . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take more than the daily amount of yentreve that has been prescribed for you in one day . if you stop taking yentreve do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if your doctor thinks that you no longer need yentreve he or she will ask you to reduce your dose over 2 weeks . some patients , who suddenly stop taking yentreve after more than 1 week of therapy , have had symptoms such as : dizziness , tingling feelings like pins and needles or electric shock - like feelings ( particularly in the head ), sleep disturbances ( vivid dreams , nightmares , inability to sleep ), fatigue , sleepiness , feeling restless or agitated , feeling anxious , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), shaking ( tremor ), headaches , muscle pain , feeling irritable , diarrhoea , excessive sweating or vertigo . these symptoms are usually not serious and disappear within a few days , but if you have symptoms that are troublesome you should ask your doctor for advice . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above - mentioned indications . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is … the dose of biopoin ( expressed in international units or iu ) depends on your disease condition , your body weight and the way the injection is given ( under the skin [ subcutaneous injection ] or into a vein [ intravenous injection ]). your doctor will work out the right dose for you . anaemia caused by chronic renal failure the injections are given under the skin or into a vein . patients on haemodialysis will usually receive the injection at the end of dialysis via an arterio - venous fistula . patients who do not have to undergo dialysis are usally given the injections under the skin . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dosage or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood 58 should not exceed a value of 12 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your anaemia . if you do not respond adequately to biopoin , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of biopoin . treatment with biopoin is divided into two stages : a ) correcting the anaemia the initial dose for injections under the skin is 20 iu per kg of bodyweight , given 3 times per week . if necessary , your doctor will increase your dose at monthly intervals . the initial dose for injections into veins is 40 iu per kg of bodyweight , given 3 times per week . if necessary , your doctor will increase your dose at monthly intervals . b ) maintaining sufficient red blood cell levels once an adequate number of red blood cells has been reached , the maintenance dose required to keep the number constant will be determined by your doctor . in the case of injections under the skin , the weekly dose can be given either as 1 injection per week or as 3 divided injections per week . in the case of injections into veins , your dosage may be switched to 2 injections weekly . if the frequency of administration is changed , dose adjustments may be necessary . treatment with biopoin is normally a long - term therapy . the maximum dose should not exceed 700 iu per kg of bodyweight per week . anaemia in cancer patients injections are given under the skin . the injection will be given once - weekly . the initial dose is 20 , 000 iu . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dosage or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 12 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). you will usually receive biopoin until 1 month after the end of chemotherapy . the maximum dose should not exceed 60 , 000 iu . how are the injections given ? this medicine is given as an injection using a pre - filled syringe . the injection is given either into a vein ( intravenous injection ) or into the tissue just under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). if you are receiving biopoin as an injection under the skin , your doctor may suggest that you learn how to inject yourself this medicine . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to give this medicine to yourself without this training . some of the information required for using the pre - filled syringe can be found at the end of this package leaflet ( see section " 7 . information for injecting yourself "). proper treatment of your disease , however , requires close and constant co - operation with your doctor . each pre - filled syringe is for single use only . if you use more biopoin than you should do not increase the dose your doctor has given you . if you think you have injected more biopoin than you should , contact your doctor . it is unlikely to be serious . even at very high blood levels , no symptoms of poisoning have been observed . if you forget to use biopoin if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using biopoin before you stop using this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the starting dose is 10 micrograms once a day for the first 14 days injected using the green pen . the dose from then onwards will be 20 micrograms once a day - using the purple pen . when to inject inject lyxumia in the hour before any meal of the day . preferably inject lyxumia before the same meal every day , when you have chosen the most convenient meal for your injection . where to inject inject lyxumia into the skin ( subcutaneously ) of your stomach area ( abdomen ), upper leg ( thigh ) or upper arm . learning how to use the pre - filled pens before you use the pen for the first time , your doctor or nurse will show how to inject lyxumia . always read the " instructions for use " provided in the box . always use the pen as described in the " instructions for use ". other important information about using the pre - filled pens there is more information on how to use the pens in the " instructions for use ". the most important points are : always use a new needle for each injection . you must dispose of the needle after each use , in an appropriate sharp ' s container , following local recommendations . speak to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist about how to dispose of sharps . only use needles that are compatible for use with lyxumia pen ( see " instructions for use "). you must activate your lyxumia pen before you use it for the first time . this is to make sure that it is working correctly and that the dose for your first injection is correct . if you think your lyxumia pen may be damaged , do not use it . get a new one . do not try to repair the pen . if you use more lyxumia than you should if you use more lyxumia than you should , talk to your doctor immediately . too much lyxumia can make you feel sick or be sick . if you forget to use lyxumia if you miss a dose of lyxumia , you can inject it in the hour before your next meal . do not take two doses at the same time to make up for a forgotten injection . if you stop using lyxumia do not stop using lyxumia without talking with your doctor . if you stop using lyxumia , your blood sugar levels can increase . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dovprela is used in combination with linezolid and bedaquiline . please also read the package leaflets from these medicines . if you have any questions ask your doctor or pharmacist . the recommended dose is dovprela : 1 tablet once daily linezolid : 1 , 200 mg daily bedaquiline : 400 mg once daily for 2 weeks , followed by 200 mg 3 times per week ( with at least 48 hours between doses ). for example you may take bedaquiline on monday , wednesday and friday every week from week 3 onwards . method of use take dovprela at the same time as linezolid and bedaquiline . swallow the tablets with a glass of water and take them with food . the tablets are taken under direct observation of a healthcare professional or in accordance with local practice . duration of use the duration of treatment with the combination dovprela , linezolid and bedaquiline is 26 weeks . your doctor may decide to expand this period or to interrupt dosing to ensure that the treatment is safe and effective for you . if you take more dovprela than you should contact your doctor straight away and take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take dovprela do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . any missed dose of pretomanid and bedaquiline is recommended to be made up at the end of treatment . doses of linezolid missed due to linezolid adverse reactions are not recommended to be made up . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you have missed a dose and you are not sure what to do . if you stop taking dovprela do not stop taking dovprela or its combination medicines linezolid or bedaquiline without your doctor ' s permission . skipping doses or not completing the full course of therapy may make treatment ineffective and your tuberculosis could get worse . in addition , this would increase the chance that bacteria become resistant to these medicines . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
). take special care with lixiana , - if you know that you have a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk for blood clots ), tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . if you need to have an operation , - it is very important to take lixiana before and after the operation exactly at the times you have been told by your doctor . if possible , lixiana should be stopped at least 24 hours before an operation . your doctor will determine when to restart lixiana . in emergency situations your physician will help determine the appropriate actions regarding lixiana . children and adolescents lixiana is not recommended in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . there is no information on its use in children and adolescents . other medicines and lixiana tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are taking any of the following : some medicines for fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole ); medicines to treat abnormal heart beat ( e . g . dronedarone , quinidine , verapamil ); other medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . heparin , clopidogrel or vitamin k antagonists such as warfarin , acenocoumarol , phenprocoumon or dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ); antibiotic medicines ( e . g . erythromycin ); medicines to prevent organ rejection after transplantation ( e . g . ciclosporin ); anti - inflammatory and pain - relieving medicines ( e . g . naproxen or acetylsalicylic acid ); antidepressant medicines called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or serotonin - norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors ; if any of the above apply to you , tell your doctor before taking lixiana , because these medicines may increase the effects of lixiana and the chance of unwanted bleeding . your doctor will decide , if you should be treated with lixiana and if you should be kept under observation . if you are taking any of the following : some medicines for treatment of epilepsy ( e . g . phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ); st john ' s wort , a herbal product used for anxiety and mild depression ; rifampicin , an antibiotic medicine . if any of the above apply to you , tell your doctor before taking lixiana , because the effect of lixiana may be reduced . your doctor will decide if you should be treated with lixiana and if you should be kept under observation . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not take lixiana if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . if there is a chance that you could become pregnant , use a reliable contraceptive while you are taking lixiana . if you become pregnant while you are taking lixiana , immediately tell your doctor , who will decide how you should be treated . driving and using machines lixiana has no or negligible effects on your ability to drive or use machines . 3 . how to take lixiana always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 60 mg tablet once daily . - if you have impaired kidney function , the dose may be reduced to one 30 mg tablet once daily by your doctor ; - if your body weight is 60 kg or lower , the recommended dose is one 30 mg tablet once daily ; - if your doctor has prescribed medicines known as p - gp inhibitors : ciclosporin , dronedarone , erythromycin , or ketoconazole , the recommended dose is one 30 mg tablet once daily . how to take the tablet swallow the tablet , preferably with water . lixiana can be taken with or without food . your doctor may change your anticoagulant treatment as follows : changing from vitamin k antagonists ( e . g . warfarin ) to lixiana stop taking the vitamin k antagonist ( e . g . warfarin ). your doctor will need to do blood measurements and will instruct you when to start taking lixiana . changing from non - vka oral anticoagulants ( dabigatran , rivaroxaban , or apixaban ) to lixiana stop taking the previous medicines ( e . g . dabigatran , rivaroxaban , or apixaban ) and start lixiana at the time of the next scheduled dose . changing from parenteral anticoagulants ( e . g . heparin ) to lixiana stop taking the anticoagulant ( e . g . heparin ) and start lixiana at the time of the next scheduled anticoagulant dose . changing from lixiana to vitamin k antagonists ( e . g . warfarin ) if you currently take 60 mg lixiana : your doctor will tell you to reduce your dose of lixiana to a 30 mg tablet once daily and to take it together with a vitamin k antagonist ( e . g . warfarin ). your doctor will need to do blood measurements and will instruct you when to stop taking lixiana . if you currently take 30 mg ( dose reduced ) lixiana : your doctor will tell you to reduce your dose of lixiana to a 15 mg tablet once daily and to take it together with a vitamin k antagonist ( e . g . warfarin ). your doctor will need to do blood measurements and will instruct you when to stop taking lixiana . changing from lixiana to non - vka oral anticoagulants ( dabigatran , rivaroxaban , or apixaban ) stop taking lixiana and start the non - vka anticoagulant ( e . g . dabigatran , rivaroxaban , or apixaban ) at the time of the next scheduled dose of lixiana . changing from lixiana to parenteral anticoagulants ( e . g . heparin ) stop taking lixiana and start the parenteral anticoagulant ( e . g . heparin ) at the time of the next scheduled dose of lixiana . patients undergoing cardioversion : if your abnormal heartbeat needs to be restored to normal by a procedure called cardioversion , take lixiana at the times your doctor tells you to prevent blood clots in the brain and other blood vessels in your body . if you take more lixiana than you should tell your doctor immediately if you have taken too many lixiana tablets . if you take more lixiana than recommended , you may have an increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take lixiana you should take the tablet immediately and then continue the following day with the once daily tablet as usual . do not take a double dose on the same day to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lixiana do not stop taking lixiana without talking to your doctor first , because lixiana treats and prevents serious conditions . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 80 mg tablet each day . if necessary , your doctor may reduce your dose to one 40 mg tablet each day . how to take 42 tagrisso is taken by mouth . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not crush , split or chew the tablet . take tagrisso every day at the same time . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you have trouble swallowing the tablet , you can mix it in water : put the tablet in a glass . add 50 ml ( about two - thirds of a tumblerful ) of still ( non - fizzy ) water do not use any other liquids . stir the water until the tablet breaks up into very small pieces - the tablet will not completely dissolve . drink the liquid straight away . to make sure you have taken all of the medicine , rinse the glass thoroughly with another 50 ml of water and drink it . if you take more tagrisso than you should if you take more than your normal dose , contact your doctor or nearest hospital straight away . if you forget to take tagrisso if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose is due , skip the missed dose . take your next normal dose at its scheduled time . if you stop taking tagrisso do not stop taking this medicine - talk to your doctor first . it is important to take this medicine every day , for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
vaborem will be given to you by a doctor or nurse by infusion ( a drip ) into a vein , lasting 3 hours . the recommended dose is 2 vials ( a total of 2 g meropenem and 2 g vaborbactam ), given every 8 hours . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment are needed , depending on the type of infection . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may lower your dose . your doctor may also want to do some blood tests to see how well your kidneys are working . if you are given more vaborem than you should vaborem will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse , so it is unlikely you will be given the wrong dose . if you think you have been given too much vaborem , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you miss a dose of vaborem if you think you have missed a dose , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . sirturo must always be taken together with other medicines for treating tuberculosis . your doctor will decide which other medicines you should take with sirturo . use in adults and in adolescents ( 12 years of age and older and weighing at least 30 kg ) how much to take you take sirturo for a 24 week course . first 2 weeks : take 400 mg ( 4 tablets of 100 mg ) once a day . from week 3 to week 24 : take 200 mg ( 2 tablets of 100 mg ) once a day for 3 days of each week only . there must be at least 48 hours in between each time you take sirturo . for example , you may take sirturo on monday , wednesday and friday every week from week 3 onwards . you may need to keep taking your other medicines for tuberculosis for longer than 6 months . check with your doctor or pharmacist . taking this medicine take sirturo with food . the food is important to get the right levels of medicine in your body . swallow the tablets whole with water . if you take more sirturo than you should if you take more sirturo than you should , talk to a doctor straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take sirturo during the first 2 weeks skip the missed dose and take the next dose as usual do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . from week 3 onwards take the missed dose of 200 mg as soon as possible . resume the three times a week schedule . if you have missed a dose and you are not sure what to do , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking sirturo do not stop taking sirturo without first talking to your doctor . skipping doses or not completing the full course of therapy may : make your treatment ineffective and your tuberculosis could get worse , and ; increase the chance that the bacteria will become resistant to the medicine . this means your disease may not be treatable by sirturo or other medicines in the future . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
docetaxel teva will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration docetaxel teva will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or hospital pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage in women your doctor will decide on your starting dose . this dose may be adjusted during your treatment period . further details on the treatment schedule are given below . there are large differences between women in the response of the ovaries to fsh , which makes it impossible to set a dosage schedule which is suitable for all patients . to find the right dosage , your doctor will check your follicle growth by means of ultrasound scanning , and measurement of the amount of oestradiol ( female sex hormone ) in the blood . * women who are not ovulating a starting dose is set by your doctor . this dose is continued for at least seven days . if there is no ovarian response , the daily dose will then be gradually increased until follicle growth and / or plasma oestradiol levels indicate a proper response . the daily dose is then maintained until a follicle of proper size is present . usually , 7 to 14 days of treatment are sufficient . puregon treatment is then stopped and ovulation will be induced by giving human chorionic gonadotrophin ( hcg ). * medically assisted reproduction programs , for instance ivf a starting dose is set by your doctor . this dose is continued for at least the first four days . after this , your dose may be adjusted , based upon your ovarian response . when a sufficient number of follicles of proper size are present , the final phase of maturation of the follicles is induced by giving hcg . retrieval of the egg ( s ) is performed 34 - 35 hours later . dosage in men puregon is usually prescribed at a dose of 450 iu per week , mostly in 3 dosages of 150 iu , in combination with another hormone ( hcg ), for at least 3 to 4 months . the treatment period equals the development time of sperm and the time in which improvement can be expected . if your sperm production has not started after this period , your treatment may carry on for at least 18 months . how are the injections given the very first injection of puregon should only be given in the presence of a doctor or nurse . injections may be given slowly into a muscle ( for instance in the buttock , upper leg or upper arm ) or under the skin ( in the lower stomach , for example ). when given into a muscle the injection should be given by the doctor or nurse . when given under the skin the injection may , in some cases , be given by yourself or your partner . your doctor will tell you when and how to do this . if you inject yourself with puregon , follow the instructions for use in the next section , to give puregon properly and with minimal discomfort . instructions for use step 1 - preparing the syringe you should use sterile disposable syringes and needles for the administration of puregon . the volume of the syringe should be small enough so that the prescribed dose can be given with reasonable accuracy . puregon solution for injection comes in a glass vial . do not use the solution if it contains particles or is not clear . first , you should remove the flip - off cap of the vial . place a needle on a syringe and pierce the needle through the rubber stopper of the vial ( a ). draw the solution up into the syringe ( b ), and replace the needle with an injection needle ( c ). finally hold the syringe with the needle pointing upwards and gently tap the side to force any air bubbles up to the top ; then squeeze the plunger until all the air has been expelled , and only puregon solution is left in the syringe ( d ). if necessary , the plunger may be squeezed further , to adjust the volume to be administered . step 2 - the injection site the best site for an injection under the skin is in the lower stomach around the navel ( e ) where there is a lot of loose skin and layers of fatty tissue . you should vary the injection site a little with each injection . it is possible to inject in other areas . your doctor or nurse will tell you where to inject . step 3 - preparing the area a few taps at the injection site will stimulate tiny nerve endings and help reduce discomfort when the needle goes in . wash your hands and swab the injection site with disinfectant ( for example chlorohexidine 0 . 5 %) to remove any surface bacteria . clean about two inches around the point where the needle will go in and let the disinfectant dry for at least one minute before you proceed . step 4 - inserting the needle pinch the skin a little . with the other hand , insert the needle at an angle of 90 degrees into the skin ' s surface , as shown in the picture ( f ). step 5 - checking the correct needle position if the needle position is correct the plunger should be quite difficult to draw back . any blood sucked back into the syringe means that the needle tip has penetrated a vein or artery . if this happens pull out the syringe , cover the injection site with a swab containing disinfectant and apply pressure ; the site 74 will stop bleeding in a minute or two . do not use this solution . start again with step 1 using a new syringe , new needles and a new vial of puregon . step 6 - injecting the solution depress the plunger slowly and steadily , so the solution is correctly injected and the skin tissues are not damaged . step 7 - removing the syringe pull the syringe out quickly and apply pressure to the injection site with a swab containing disinfectant . a gentle massage of the site - while still maintaining pressure - helps disperse the puregon solution and relieve any discomfort . any remaining solution should be discarded . do not mix puregon with any other medicines . if you use more puregon than you should tell your doctor immediately . too high a dose of puregon may cause hyperstimulation of the ovaries ( ohss ). this may be noticed as pain in the stomach . if you are troubled by stomach pains , tell your doctor immediately . see also section 4 on possible side effects . if you forget to use puregon if you forget a dose do not use a double dose to make up for a missed dose . contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
shingrix is given as an injection into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). you will receive 2 injections with an interval of 2 months . if flexibility in the vaccination schedule is necessary , the second dose can be administered between 2 and 6 months after the first dose . the first injection can be given from the age of 50 years onwards . you will be informed when you should come back for the second dose of shingrix . make sure you finish the complete vaccination course . this will maximise the protection offered by shingrix . shingrix can be given if you have already been vaccinated with a live attenuated herpes zoster vaccine . speak to your doctor for more information .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 450 mg ( three capsules ) taken once daily with food , although your doctor could modify this recommendation if needed . your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules you need to take . do not change the dose without talking to your doctor . take zykadia once a day at about the same time each day with food ( for example a snack or a full meal ). if you cannot eat food while taking zykadia , talk to your doctor . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew or crush them . if you vomit after you swallow the zykadia capsules , do not take any more capsules until your next scheduled dose . how long to take zykadia continue taking zykadia for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months . your doctor will monitor your condition to see that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take zykadia , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more zykadia than you should if you accidentally take too many capsules , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take zykadia what to do if you forget to take a dose depends on how long it is until your next dose . - if your next dose is in 12 hours or more , take the missed capsules as soon as you remember . then take the next capsules at the usual time . - if your next dose is in less than 12 hours , skip the missed capsules . then take the next capsules at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking zykadia do not stop taking this medicine before talking to your doctor . if you have any questions contact your doctor right away .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how long you need to take maviret for . how much to take the recommended dose for adults and adolescents ( 12 to < 18 years old ) is three tablets of maviret 100mg / 40mg taken together , once a day . three tablets in one blister is the daily dose . how to take take the tablets with food . swallow the tablets whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it may affect the amount of maviret in your blood . if you are sick ( vomit ) after taking maviret it may affect the amount of maviret in your blood . this may make maviret work less well . if you vomit less than 3 hours after taking maviret , take another dose . if you vomit more than 3 hours after taking maviret , you do not need to take another dose until your next scheduled dose . if you take more maviret than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you so that you can show the doctor what you have taken . if you forget to take maviret it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose , work out how long it is since you should have last taken maviret : if you notice within 18 hours of the time you usually take maviret take the dose as soon as possible . then take the next dose at your usual time . if you notice 18 hours or more after the time you usually take maviret , wait and take the next dose at your usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses too close together ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor has prescribed imatinib accord because you suffer from a serious condition . imatinib accord can help you to fight this condition . however , always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking imatinib accord unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much imatinib accord to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of imatinib accord to take . if you are being treated for cml depending on your condition the usual starting dose is either 400 mg or 600 mg : - 400 mg to be taken as 4 tablets of 100 mg or 1 tablet of 400 mg once a day - 600 mg to be taken as 6 tablets of 100 mg or 1 tablet of 400 mg plus 2 tablets of 100 mg once a day . for cml , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if your daily dose is 800 mg ( 8 tablets of 100 mg or 2 tablets of 400 mg ). you should take 47 4 tablets of 100 mg or 1 tablet of 400 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 100 mg or 1 tablet of 400 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for ph - positive all the starting dose is 600 mg to be taken as 6 tablets of 100 mg or one tablet of 400 mg plus 2 tablets of 100 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 400 mg to be taken as 4 tablets of 100 mg or one tablet of 400 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 100 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 400 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 100 mg or one tablet of 400 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for dfsp the dose is 800 mg per day ( to be taken as 4 tablets of 100 mg or 1 tablet of 400 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 100 mg or 1 tablet of 400 mg in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of imatinib accord to give to your child . the amount of imatinib accord given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents must not exceed 800 mg with cml and 600 mg with ph + all . the treatment can either be given to your child as a once - daily dose or alternatively the daily dose can be split into two administrations ( half in the morning and half in the evening ). when and how to take imatinib accord - take imatinib accord with a meal . this will help protect you from stomach problems when taking imatinib accord . - swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : use about 50 ml for each 100 mg tablet or 200 ml for each 400 mg tablet . stir with a spoon until the tablets have completely dissolved . once the tablet has dissolved , drink everything in the glass straight away . traces of the dissolved tablets may be left behind in the glass . how long to take imatinib accord keep taking imatinib accord every day for as long as your doctor tells you . if you take more imatinib accord than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take imatinib accord - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
treatment with refixia will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure about how to use refixia . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and what the medicine is being used for . prevention of bleeding the dose of refixia is 40 international units ( iu ) per kg of body weight . this is given as one injection every week . your doctor may choose another dose or how often the injections should be given , based on your need . treatment of bleeding the dose of refixia is 40 international units ( iu ) per kg of body weight . depending on the location and the severity of bleeding you may need a higher dose ( 80 iu per kg ) or extra injections . discuss with your doctor the dose and number of injections you need . use in children and adolescents refixia can be used only in adolescents ( 12 years and above ). the dose in adolescents is also calculated according to body weight and is the same dose as for adults . how refixia is given refixia is given as an injection into a vein . see " instructions on how to use refixia " for more information . if you use more refixia than you should if you use more refixia than you should , contact your doctor . if you have to significantly increase your usage of refixia to stop a bleed , talk to your doctor immediately . for further information , see section 2 " allergic reactions and development of inhibitors ". if you forget to use refixia if you forget a dose , inject the missed dose as soon as you remember . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are in doubt contact your doctor . if you stop using refixia if you stop using refixia you may no longer be protected against bleeding or a current bleed may not stop . do not stop using refixia without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
a doctor experienced in giving eye injections will inject eylea into your eye under aseptic ( clean and sterile ) conditions . the recommended dose is 2 mg aflibercept ( 50 microlitres ). eylea is given as an injection into your eye ( intravitreal injection ). before the injection your doctor will use a disinfectant eyewash to clean your eye carefully to prevent infection . your doctor will also give you a local anaesthetic to reduce or prevent any pain you might have with the injection . wet amd patients with wet amd will be treated with one injection per month for three consecutive doses , followed by another injection after a further two months . your doctor will then decide whether the treatment interval between injections may be kept at every two months or be gradually extended in 2 - or 4 - weekly intervals if your condition has been stable . if your condition worsens , the interval between injections can be shortened , but to not less than every two months in the first year of treatment . unless you experience any problems or are advised differently by your doctor , there is no need for you to see your doctor between the injections . macular oedema secondary to rvo ( branch rvo or central rvo ) your doctor will determine the most appropriate treatment schedule for you . you will start your treatment with a series of monthly eylea injections . the interval between two injections should not be shorter than one month . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with eylea , if you are not benefiting from continued treatment . your treatment will continue with monthly injections until your condition is stable . three or more monthly injections may be needed . your doctor will monitor your response to treatment and may continue your treatment by gradually increasing the interval between your injections to maintain a stable condition . if your condition starts to worsen with a longer treatment interval , your doctor will shorten the interval accordingly . based on your response to treatment your doctor will decide on the schedule for follow up examinations and treatments . diabetic macular oedema ( dme ) patients with dme will be treated with one injection per month for the first five consecutive doses followed by one injection every two months thereafter . unless you experience any problems or are advised differently by your doctor , there is no need for you to see your doctor between the injections . after the first 12 months of treatment with eylea , the treatment interval may be extended based on your doctor ' s examination . your doctor will decide on the schedule for follow up examinations . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with eylea if it is determined that you are not benefiting from continued treatment . myopic cnv patients with myopic cnv will be treated with one single injection . you will receive further injections only if your doctor ' s examinations reveal that your condition has not improved . the interval between two injections should not be shorter than one month . if your condition goes away and then comes back , your doctor may re - start the treatment . your doctor will decide on the schedule for follow up examinations . if a dose of eylea is missed make a new appointment for an examination and injection . stopping treatment with eylea consult your doctor before stopping the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
treatment with iblias will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment of bleeding your doctor will calculate the dose of this medicine and how frequently you should use it to get the necessary level of factor viii activity in your blood . the doctor should always adjust the dose and the frequency of administration according to your individual needs . how much iblias you should use and how often you should use it depends on many factors such as : your weight the severity of your haemophilia where the bleed is and how serious it is whether you have inhibitors and how high the inhibitor titre is the factor viii level that is needed . prevention of bleeding if you are using iblias to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 20 to 40 iu of octocog alfa per kg of body weight , injected two or three times per week . however , in some cases , especially for younger patients , shorter dose intervals or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests it is strongly recommended that appropriate laboratory tests be performed on your plasma at suitable intervals to ensure that adequate factor viii levels have been reached and are maintained . for major surgery in particular , close monitoring of the replacement therapy by means of coagulation analysis must be carried out . use in children and adolescents iblias can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 12 higher doses or more frequent injections than in adults may be needed . patients with inhibitors if you have been told by your doctor that you have developed factor viii inhibitors you may need to use a larger dose of iblias to control bleeding . if this dose does not control your bleeding your doctor may consider giving you another product . speak to your doctor if you would like further information on this . do not increase the dose of iblias to control your bleeding without checking with your doctor . duration of treatment your doctor will tell you how often and at what intervals this medicine is to be administered . usually , treatment for haemophilia needs to be given throughout your life - time . how iblias is given this medicine is intended for injection into a vein over 2 to 5 minutes depending on the total volume and your comfort level and should be used within 3 hours after preparing the solution . how iblias is prepared for administration use only the items that are provided with each package of this medicine . if these components cannot be used , please contact your doctor . if any component of the package is opened or damaged , do not use it . you must filter the reconstituted product before administration to remove any possible particles in the solution . you are filtering by using the mix2vial adapter . this medicine must not be mixed with other infusion solutions . do not use solutions containing visible particles or that are cloudy . follow the directions given by your doctor closely and use the detailed instructions for reconstitution and administration provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more iblias than you should no cases of overdose with recombinant coagulation factor viii have been reported . if you have used more iblias than you should , please tell your doctor . if you forget to use iblias administer your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using iblias do not stop using iblias without checking with your doctor . if you have any further questions regarding this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
a doctor or nurse will normally inject palonosetron accord about 30 minutes before the start of chemotherapy . adults the recommended dose of palonosetron accord is 250 micrograms given as a rapid injection into a vein . children and adolescents ( aged 1 month to 17 years ) the doctor will decide the dose , depending on bodyweight , however the maximum dose is 1500 micrograms . palonosetron accord will be given as a slow infusion into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 6 - 9 g per day taken as 2 g or 3 g three times per day with meals . your doctor may decide to increase this up to a total dose of 15 g per day depending on the level of phosphorus in your blood . if you do not regularly eat three meals per day then please tell your doctor . take bindren by mouth . it is recommended that you take the tablets whole with meals and with a small amount of water . your doctor may advise you to take calcium , vitamin d supplements and other vitamins or other medicines in addition to bindren . if you have to take other medicines your doctor will tell you if you can take the other medicines at the same time as bindren or if you need to take the other medicines 1 hour before or 3 hours after taking bindren . your doctor may consider measuring blood levels of the other medicines you are taking . if you take more bindren than you should if you take too much bindren , tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take bindren do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten doses . just carry on with the next dose at the normal time . if you stop taking bindren treatment of high blood phosphorus levels is usually required for a long period of time . it is important that you continue taking bindren for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine and to keep to your diet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of telmisartan teva pharma is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take telmisartan teva pharma with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure the usual dose of telmisartan teva pharma for most patients is 40 mg once a day to control your blood pressure over the 24 - hour period . your doctor has recommended a lower 47 dose of one 20 mg tablet daily . alternatively , telmisartan teva pharma may be used in combination with diuretics (" water " tablets ) such as hydrochlorothiazide which have been shown to have an additive blood pressure lowering effect with telmisartan teva pharma . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose of telmisartan teva pharma is one 80 mg tablet once a day . at the beginning of the preventive therapy with telmisartan teva pharma 80 mg , blood pressure should be frequently monitored . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg once a day . if you take more telmisartan teva pharma than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take telmisartan teva pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
take this medicine exactly as the doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you to . use in adults the recommended dose in adults is 6 mg once a day taken in the morning . the dose may be increased or decreased by your doctor within the dose range of 3 mg to 12 mg once a day for schizophrenia or 6 mg to 12 mg once a day for schizoaffective disorder . this depends on how well the medicine works for you . use in adolescents the recommended starting dose for treating schizophrenia in adolescents 15 years and older is 3 mg once a day taken in the morning . for adolescents weighing 51 kg or more the dose may be increased within the range of 6 mg to 12 mg once a day . for adolescents weighing less than 51 kg the dose may be increased to 6 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how much to give you . the amount you take depends on how well the medicine works for you . how and when to take invega this medicine must be taken by mouth , swallowed whole with water or other liquids . it must not be chewed , broken , or crushed . this medicine should be taken every morning with breakfast or without breakfast , but in the same way every day . do not alternate between taking this medicine with breakfast one day and without having breakfast the next day . the active ingredient , paliperidone , dissolves once swallowed and the tablet shell is passed out of the body as waste . patients with kidney problems your doctor may adjust your dose of this medicine based upon your kidney function . elderly your doctor may reduce your dose of medicine if your kidney function is reduced . if you take more invega than you should contact your doctor right away . you may experience sleepiness , tiredness , abnormal body movements , problems with standing and walking , dizziness from low blood pressure , and abnormal heart beats . if you forget to take invega do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss one dose , take your next dose on the day following the missed dose . if you miss two or more doses , contact your doctor . if you stop invega do not stop taking this medicine since you will lose the effects of the medicine . you should not stop this medicine unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
optaflu is given to you by your doctor or nurse . optaflu should under no circumstances be injected into a blood vessel . adults from the age of 18 years : one dose of 0 . 5 ml optaflu is injected into the muscle on the top of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). children and adolescents : optaflu is not recommended for use in children below 18 years of age since there is no information available .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of medicines like xofigo . it will only be used in special controlled areas . this product will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the dose you receive depends on your body weight . the doctor supervising the procedure will calculate the quantity of xofigo to be used in your case . the recommended dose of xofigo is 55 kbq ( becquerel , the unit used to express radioactivity ) per kilogram body weight . no dose adjustment is necessary if you are 65 years of age or older or if you have reduced kidney or liver function . administration of xofigo and conduct of the procedure xofigo will be injected slowly via a needle into one of your veins ( intravenously ). the healthcare professional will flush the intravenous access line or cannula before and after injection with a saline solution . duration of the procedure - xofigo is given once every 4 weeks for a total of 6 injections . - there are no data available on the safety and efficacy of treatment with more than 6 injections of xofigo . after administration of xofigo - care should be taken when handling materials , such as bed linen , that come into contact with body fluids ( such as spill of urine , faeces , vomiting etc .). xofigo is excreted mainly via the faeces . the doctor will tell you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more xofigo than you should an overdose is unlikely . however , in the case of an accidental overdose , your doctor will start appropriate supportive treatment and will check you for changes in the number of blood cells , and for gastrointestinal symptoms ( e . g . diarrhoea , nausea [ feeling sick ], vomiting ). if you have any further questions on the use of xofigo , please ask the doctor who supervises the procedure .
treatment with elocta will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you ( see section 7 ). check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . elocta is given as an injection into a vein . your doctor will calculate the dose of elocta ( in international units or " iu ") depending on your individual needs for factor viii replacement therapy and on whether it is used for prevention or treatment of bleeding . talk to your doctor if you think that your bleeding is not being controlled with the dose you receive . how often you need an injection will depend on how well elocta is working for you . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . treatment of bleeding the dose of elocta is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding the usual dose of elocta is 50 iu per kg of body weight , given every 3 to 5 days . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor in the range of 25 to 65 iu per kg of body weight . in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosing intervals or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents elocta can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 12 , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . if you use more elocta than you should tell your doctor as soon as possible . you should always use elocta exactly as your doctor has told you , check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you forget to use elocta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your dose as soon as you remember and then resume your normal dosing schedule . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop using elocta do not stop using elocta without consulting your doctor . if you stop using elocta you may no longer be protected against bleeding or a current bleed may not stop . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of this medicine that you will take varies depending on your condition and the doses you currently take of metformin and / or individual tablets of dapagliflozin and metformin . your doctor will tell you exactly which strength of this medicine to take . the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with half a glass of water . take your tablet with food . this is to reduce the risk of side effects in the stomach . take your tablet twice daily , once in the morning ( breakfast ) and once in the evening ( dinner ). your doctor may prescribe this medicine together with other medicine ( s ) to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . these may be medicine ( s ) by mouth or given by injection , such as insulin or a glp - 1 receptor agonist . remember to take these other medicine ( s ) as your doctor has told you . this will help get the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your diabetes , you still need to keep to diet and exercise , even when you are taking this medicine . so it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking this medicine . if you take more xigduo than you should if you take more xigduo tablets than you should , you may experience lactic acidosis . symptoms of lactic acidosis include feeling or being very sick , vomiting , stomach ache , muscular cramps , severe tiredness or difficulty breathing . if this happens to you , you may need immediate hospital treatment , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . stop taking this medicine immediately and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away ( see section 2 ). take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take xigduo if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking xigduo do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your blood sugar may increase without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the dose of alimta is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the alimta powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive alimta by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using alimta in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of alimta has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteriods : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after alimta treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1000 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking alimta . you must take at least 5 doses during the seven days before the first dose of alimta . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of alimta . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 1000 micrograms ) in the week before administration of alimta and then approximately every 9 weeks ( corresponding to 3 courses of alimta treatment ). vitamin b12 and folic acid are given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . kromeya is injected under the skin ( subcutaneous use ). patients requiring a dose less than 40 mg should use the 40 mg vial presentation of kromeya . the recommended doses for kromeya in each of the approved uses are shown in the following table . rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes adults 40 mg every other week in rheumatoid arthritis , methotrexate is continued while using kromeya . if your doctor decides that methotrexate is inappropriate , kromeya can be given alone . if you have rheumatoid arthritis and you do not receive methotrexate with your kromeya therapy , your doctor may decide to give kromeya 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes adults initial dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg given every if this dose does not work well enough , your doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg 117 other week starting one week after the initial dose . you should continue to inject kromeya for as long as your doctor has told you . every week or 80 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more initial dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg initial dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 6 years of age weighing 40 kg or more initial dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day or two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ) followed by 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week or 80 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg initial dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg ( two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your doctor may increase the dose frequency to 20 mg every week . ulcerative colitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes adults initial dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day or as two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ), if this dose does not work well enough , your doctor may increase the dosage to 40 mg 118 followed by 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . every week or 80 mg every other week . non - infectious uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes adults initial dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections ), followed by 40 mg every other week starting one week after the initial dose . you should continue to inject kromeya for as long as your doctor has told you . corticosteroids or other medicines that influence the immune system may be continued while using kromeya . kromeya can also be given alone . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 40 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose . kromeya is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing at least 30 kg 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 80 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose . kromeya is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . method and route of administration kromeya is administered by injection under the skin ( by subcutaneous injection ). detailed instructions on how to inject kromeya are provided in section 7 ' instructions for use '. if you use more kromeya than you should if you accidentally inject kromeya more frequently than you should , call your doctor or pharmacist and explain that you have taken more than required . always take the outer carton of the medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to use kromeya if you forget to give yourself an injection , you should inject the next dose of kromeya as soon as you remember . then take your next dose as you would have on your originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if you stop using kromeya 119 the decision to stop using kromeya should be discussed with your doctor . your symptoms may return upon stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your anaemia . if you do not respond adequately to neorecormon , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses . treatment must be started under the supervision of your doctor . further injections are given by your doctor or , after you have been trained , you can inject neorecormon yourself ( see instructions at the end of this leaflet .) neorecormon can be injected under the skin in the abdomen , arm or thigh , or into a vein . your doctor will decide which is best for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to monitor how your anaemia is responding to treatment by measuring your haemoglobin level . neorecormon dosing the dose of neorecormon depends on your disease condition , the way the injection is given ( under the skin or into a vein ) and your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your anaemia . if you do not respond adequately to neorecormon , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of neorecormon . symptomatic anaemia caused by chronic kidney disease your injections are given under the skin or into a vein . if the solution is given into your vein it should be injected over about 2 minutes , e . g . people on haemodialysis will receive the injection via the arteriovenous fistula at the end of dialysis . people who are not on haemodialysis will usually have injections under the skin . treatment with neorecormon is divided into two stages : a ) correcting the anaemia the initial dose for injections under the skin is 20 iu per injection for every 1 kg of your body weight , given three times per week . after 4 weeks , the doctor will do tests and , if the treatment response is not sufficient , your dose may be raised to 40 iu / kg per injection , given three times per week . the doctor may continue to increase your dose at monthly intervals if necessary . the weekly dose can also be divided into daily doses . the initial dose for injections into veins is 40 iu per injection for every 1 kg of your body weight , given three times per week . after 4 weeks , the doctor will do tests and , if the treatment response is not sufficient , your dose may be raised to 80 iu / kg per injection , given three times per week . the doctor may continue to increase your dose at monthly intervals if necessary . for both types of injection , the maximum dose should not exceed 720 iu for every 1 kg of your body weight per week . b ) maintaining sufficient red blood cell levels the maintenance dose : once your red blood cells reach an acceptable level , the dose is reduced to half the dose used to correct the anaemia . the weekly dose can be given once per week or divided into three or seven doses per week . if your red blood cell level is stable on a once weekly dosing regimen , your dose may be switched to once every two weeks administration . in this case dose increases may be necessary . every one or two weeks , the doctor may adjust your dose to find your individual maintenance dose . children will start by following the same guidelines . in trials , children usually needed higher doses of neorecormon ( the younger the child , the higher the dose ). treatment with neorecormon is normally a long - term therapy . however , it can be interrupted at any time , if necessary . anaemia in premature infants injections are given under the skin . the initial dose is 250 iu per injection for every 1 kg the infant weighs , three times a week . premature infants who have been transfused before the start of treatment with neorecormon are not likely to benefit as much as untransfused infants . the recommended treatment duration is 6 weeks . adults with symptomatic anaemia receiving chemotherapy for cancer injections are given under the skin . your doctor may initiate treatment with neorecormon if your haemoglobin level is 10 g / dl or less . after initiation of therapy , your doctor will maintain your haemoglobin level between 10 and 12 g / dl . the initial weekly dose is 30 , 000 iu . this may be given as one injection per week , or in divided doses as 3 to 7 injections per week . your doctor will take regular blood samples . he or she may raise or lower your dose or interrupt your treatment according to the test results . the haemoglobin values should not exceed a value of 12 g / dl . the therapy should be continued for up to 4 weeks after the end of chemotherapy . the maximum dose should not exceed 60 , 000 iu per week . people donating their own blood before surgery injections are given into a vein over 2 minutes , or under the skin . the dose of neorecormon depends on your condition , red blood cell levels and how much blood will be donated before surgery . the dose worked out by your doctor will be given twice per week for 4 weeks . when you donate blood , neorecormon will be given to you at the end of a donation session . the maximum dose should not exceed for injections into veins : 1600 iu for every 1 kg of your body weight per week for injections under the skin : 1200 iu for every 1 kg of your body weight per week . if you inject too much neorecormon do not increase the dose your doctor has given you . if you think you have injected more neorecormon than you should , contact your doctor . it is unlikely to be serious . even at very high blood levels , no symptoms of poisoning have been observed . if you forget to use neorecormon if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for any forgotten doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take xagrid exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the amount of xagrid that people take can be different , and this depends on your condition . your doctor will prescribe the best dose for you . the usual starting dose of xagrid is 1 mg . you take this dose as one capsule of 0 . 5 mg twice a day , for at least a week . after this time , your doctor may either increase or decrease the number of capsules that you take to find the dose best suited to you and which treats your condition most effectively . your capsules should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . do not crush the capsules or dilute the contents in a liquid . you can take the capsules with food or after a meal or on an empty stomach . it is best to take the capsule ( s ) at the same time every day . do not take more capsules than your doctor has recommended . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests at regular intervals to check that your medicine is working effectively and that your liver and kidneys are working well . if you take more xagrid than you should if you take more xagrid than you should or if someone else has taken your medicine , tell a doctor or pharmacist immediately . show them the pack of xagrid . if you forget to take xagrid take your capsules as soon as you remember . take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the doctor will advise you on the right dosing . you can take pramipexole teva with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 3 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg three times a day 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 35 mg three times a day or 2 tablets pramipexole teva 0 . 18 mg three times a day 47 total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 54 1 . 1 the usual maintenance dose is 1 . 1 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase your tablet dose up to a maximum of 3 . 3 mg of pramipexole a day . a lower maintenance dose of three pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg tablets a day is also possible . lowest maintenance dose highest maintenance dose number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg three times a day 1 tablet containing 1 . 1 mg pramipexole three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 3 . 3 patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor will prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg twice a day . in severe kidney disease , the usual starting dose is just 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg a day . restless legs syndrome the dose is usually taken once a day , in the evening , 2 - 3 hours before bedtime . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 4 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week 4th week number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 35 mg or 2 tablets pramipexole teva 0 . 18 mg or 4 tablets pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 35 mg and 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets pramipexole teva 0 . 18 mg or 6 tablets pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 0 . 35 0 . 54 the daily dose should not exceed 6 tablets pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg or a dose of 0 . 54 mg ( 0 . 75 mg pramipexole salt ). if you stop taking your tablets for more than a few days and want to restart the treatment , you must start again at the lowest dose . you can then build up the dose again , as you did the first time . ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will review your treatment after 3 months to decide whether or not to continue the treatment . patients with kidney disease if you have severe kidney disease , pramipexole teva may not be a suitable treatment for you . if you take more pramipexole teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately for advice . you may experience vomiting , restlessness , or any of the side effects as described in chapter 4 " possible side effects ". if you forget to take pramipexole teva do not worry . simply leave out that dose completely and then take your next dose at the right time . do not try to make up for the missed dose . if you stop taking pramipexole teva do not stop taking pramipexole teva without first talking to your doctor . if you have to stop taking this medicine , your doctor will reduce the dose gradually . this reduces the risk of worsening symptoms . if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease you should not stop treatment with pramipexole teva abruptly . a sudden stop could cause you to develop a medical condition called neuroleptic malignant syndrome which may represent a major health risk . the symptoms include : - akinesia ( loss of muscle movement ) - rigid muscles - fever - unstable blood pressure - tachycardia ( increased heart rate ) - confusion - depressed level of consciousness ( e . g . coma ). if you stop or reduce pramipexole teva you may also develop a medical condition called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome . the symptoms include depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain . if you experience these symptoms you should contact your physician . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
if you have any questions on the use of arzerra , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the infusion . the usual dose the usual dose of arzerra for the first infusion is 300 mg . this dose will be increased , usually to 1000 mg or 2000 mg , for the remaining infusions . how it is given arzerra is given into a vein ( intravenously ) as an infusion ( a drip ) over several hours . if you have not been previously treated for cll you will have a maximum of 13 infusions . you will be given an initial infusion followed by a second infusion 7 days later . the remaining infusions will then be given once a month for up to 11 months . if you have been previously treated for cll but the disease returns you will have a maximum of 7 infusions . you will be given an initial infusion followed by a second infusion 7 days later . the remaining infusions will then be given once a month for up to 6 months . if you have been previously treated for cll you will usually have a course of 12 infusions . you will be given an infusion once a week for eight weeks . this is followed by a four - to five - week gap . the remaining infusions will then be given once a month for four months . medicines given before each infusion before each infusion of arzerra , you will be given pre - medication - medicines which help to reduce any infusion reactions . these may include anti - histamines , steroids and pain relievers . you will be checked closely and if you do have any reactions these will be treated .
krystexxa should be given to you by a doctor or nurse experienced in the treatment of severe chronic gout in a healthcare centre . how much krystexxa is given the recommended dose of krystexxa is 8 mg . this dose is not adjusted for weight , age or kidney disease . before you start treatment with krystexxa , your doctor may recommend that you take other medicines ( such as an antihistamine , paracetamol and a corticosteroid ) to help reduce the risk that you will get infusion - related reactions due to this treatment . take these medicines as directed by your doctor . how krystexxa is administered krystexxa is injected slowly into a vein ( i . v . infusion ) and your treatment will take about 2 hours or sometimes longer . if you have a reaction during the infusion , your doctor may stop or adjust the treatment . your doctor may also ask you to wait after your treatment to be sure that you do not have an infusion - related reaction . you will receive krystexxa every 2 weeks . if you stop taking krystexxa , and then are treated again , you may be at increased risk of infusion reactions , including severe acute allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) so your doctor will monitor you carefully when you restart treatment . your doctor will also test your blood to measure uric acid before your next dose to make sure that you should continue receiving krystexxa . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
xydalba will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . xydalba is given in a single dose of 1 , 500 mg or in two doses a week apart : 1 , 000 mg on day 1 and 500 mg on day 8 . you will be given xydalba through a drip directly into your bloodstream through a vein ( intravenously ) over 30 minutes . patients with chronic kidney problems if you suffer from chronic kidney problems , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose . if you are given more xydalba than you should 24 tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much xydalba . if you miss a dose of xydalba tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you are missing the 2nd dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor will determine and control the dosage and duration of your treatment with refludan according to your clinical condition , your body weight , and certain laboratory values . if you have the impression that the effect of refludan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . refludan , once reconstituted with an appropriate solvent , will be administered into a vein , by injection and then by infusion .
hemlibra is provided in single - use vials as ready to use solution which does not need to be diluted . a doctor qualified to care for patients with haemophilia will start you on treatment with hemlibra . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your healthcare provider if you are not sure . keeping a record each time you use hemlibra , record the name and batch number of the medicine . how much hemlibra to use the dose of hemlibra depends on your weight and your doctor will calculate the amount ( in mg ) and corresponding amount of hemlibra solution ( in ml ) to be injected : loading dose regimen : weeks 1 to 4 : the dose is 3 milligrams for every 1 kilogram you weigh , injected once a week . maintenance dose regimen : week 5 and onwards : the dose is either 1 . 5 milligrams for every 1 kilogram you weigh , injected once a week , 3 milligrams for every 1 kilogram you weigh , injected every 2 weeks , or 6 milligrams for every 1 kilogram you weigh , injected every 4 weeks . the decision , to use either the 1 . 5 mg / kg once weekly , 3 mg / kg every two weeks , or 6 mg / kg every four weeks maintenance dose , should be made in consultation with your doctor and , where applicable , with your caregiver . different hemlibra concentrations ( 30 mg / ml and 150 mg / ml ) should not be combined in a single injection when making up the total volume to be injected . the amount of hemlibra solution given in each injection must not be more than 2 ml . how hemlibra is given if you inject hemlibra yourself or if your caregiver injects it , you or your caregiver must carefully read and follow the instructions in section 7 , " instructions for use ". hemlibra is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject hemlibra . once you have been trained , you should be able to inject this medicine at home , by yourself or with the help of a caregiver . to correctly insert the needle under the skin , pinch a fold of loose skin at the clean injection site with your free hand . pinching the skin is important to ensure that you inject under the skin ( into fatty tissue ) but not any deeper ( into muscle ). injecting into a muscle could cause discomfort . prepare and give the injection in clean and germ - free conditions using aseptic technique . your doctor or nurse will give more information about this . where to inject hemlibra your doctor will show you which areas of the body are suitable for injecting hemlibra . the recommended places to give an injection are : the front of the waist ( lower abdomen ), upper outer arms , or the front of the thighs . use only recommended places for injection . for each injection , use a different area of the body to the one you used last time . do not give injections where the skin is red , bruised , tender , hard , or areas where there are moles or scars . when using hemlibra , any other medicine injected under the skin should be given in a different area . using syringes and needles a syringe , a transfer needle with 5 micrometre filter , and an injection needle are used to draw up the hemlibra solution from the vial into the syringe and to inject it under the skin . syringes , transfer needles with filter and injection needles are not provided in this pack . for more information , see in section 6 " what is needed for hemlibra administration and is not contained in this pack ". make sure that you use a new injection needle for each injection and dispose of it after a single use . a 1 ml syringe should be used for an injection up to 1 ml of hemlibra solution . a 2 to 3 ml syringe should be used for an injection greater than 1 ml and up to 2 ml of hemlibra solution . use in children and adolescents hemlibra can be used in adolescents and children of all ages . a child can self - inject the medicine provided the child ' s healthcare provider and the parent or caregiver agree . self - injection for children below the age of 7 years is not recommended . if you use more hemlibra than you should if you use more hemlibra than you are supposed to , tell your doctor immediately . this is because you may be at risk of developing side effects such as blood clots . always use hemlibra exactly as your doctor has told you , and check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you forget to use hemlibra if you forget your scheduled injection , inject the forgotten dose as soon as possible before the day of the next scheduled dose . then , continue to inject the medicine as scheduled . do not inject two doses on the same day to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you stop using hemlibra do not stop using hemlibra without talking to your doctor . if you stop using hemlibra , you may no longer be protected against bleeding . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule every night , taken one hour before you go to bed . try to take the medicine at the same time every night . because of individual differences in each person ' s body rhythms , it could take weeks or months for you to notice an improvement in your symptoms . therefore , your doctor may ask you to take hetlioz for up to 3 months before checking if it is working for you . taking hetlioz - take the medicine by mouth . - swallow the capsule whole . - it is best to take hetlioz on an empty stomach as food can reduce the amount of the medicine that is absorbed into your body . if you eat a high - fat meal close to the time you would normally take the medicine , it is best to wait 2 hours before taking hetlioz . - to open the bottle , push the cap down and turn counter - clockwise . if you take more hetlioz than you should if you accidentally take more hetlioz than your doctor recommended , contact your doctor at once or contact the nearest hospital for advice . keep the bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take hetlioz - skip the missed dose . take your next dose at the usual time the next day . do not take a double dose . if you stop taking hetlioz do not stop taking hetlioz without talking to your doctor . - if hetlioz is not taken every night , the body rhythms will lose alignment with the usual 24 - hour day and night cycle again . this means that symptoms will come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment is prescribed and monitored by doctors who are experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . your doctor will determine the best dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . starting treatment the recommended starting dose for adults and adolescents over the age of 15 years is one to two tablets of suboxone 2 mg / 0 . 5 mg . an additional one to two tablets of the suboxone 2 mg / 0 . 5 mg may be administered on day 1 depending on your needs . clear signs of withdrawal should be evident before taking your first dose of suboxone . a doctor ' s assessment of your readiness for treatment will guide the timing of your first suboxone dose . starting treatment of suboxone whilst dependent on heroin if you are dependent upon heroin or a short acting opioid , your first dose of suboxone should be taken when signs of withdrawal appear , but not less than 6 hours after you last used opioids . starting treatment of suboxone whilst dependent on methadone if you have been taking methadone or a long acting opioid , the dose of methadone should ideally be reduced to below 30 mg / day before beginning suboxone therapy . the first dose of suboxone should be taken when signs of withdrawal appear , but not less than 24 hours after you last used methadone . taking suboxone take the dose once a day by placing the tablets under the tongue . keep the tablets in place under the tongue until they have completely dissolved . this may take 5 - 10 minutes . do not chew or swallow the tablets , as the medicine will not work and you may get withdrawal symptoms . do not consume any food or drink until the tablets have completely dissolved . how to remove the tablet from the blister 1 - do not push the tablet through the foil . 2 - remove just one section from the blister pack , tearing it along the perforated line . 3 starting from the edge where the seal is lifted , pull back the foil on the back to remove the tablet if the blister is damaged , discard the tablet dosage adjustment and maintenance therapy : during the days after you start treatment , your doctor may increase the dose of suboxone you take according to your needs . if you have the impression that the effect of suboxone is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 24 mg . after a time of successful treatment , you may agree with your doctor to reduce the dose gradually to a lower maintenance dose . stopping treatment depending on your condition , the dose of suboxone may continue to be reduced under careful medical supervision , until eventually it may be stopped . do not change the treatment in any way or stop treatment without the agreement of the doctor who is treating you . if you take more suboxone than you should if you or someone else takes too much of this medicine , you must go or be taken immediately to an emergency centre or hospital for treatment as overdose with suboxone may cause serious and life - threatening breathing problems . symptoms of overdose may include feeling sleepy and uncoordinated with slowed reflexes , blurred vision , and / or slurred speech . you may be unable to think clearly , and may breathe much slower than is normal for you . 1 2 3 95 if you forget to take suboxone tell your doctor as soon as possible if you miss a dose . if you stop taking suboxone do not change the treatment in any way or stop treatment without the agreement of the doctor who is treating you . stopping treatment suddenly may cause withdrawal symptoms . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one circadin tablet ( 2 mg ) taken daily by mouth , after food , 1 - 2 hours before bedtime . this dosage may be continued for up to thirteen weeks . you should swallow the tablet whole . circadin tablets should not be crushed or cut in half . if you take more circadin than you should if you have accidentally taken too much of your medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . taking more than the recommended daily dose may make you feel drowsy . if you forget to take circadin if you forget to take your tablet , take another as soon as you remember , before going to sleep , or wait until it is time to take your next dose , then go on as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking circadin there are no known harmful effects if treatment is interrupted or ended early . the use of circadin is not known to cause any withdrawal effects after treatment completion . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . you should continue taking this medicine as long as your doctor tells you to . in order for this medicine to treat osteoporosis , it must be taken daily . the recommended dose is one tablet by mouth daily . taking more than one tablet daily is not more effective and may carry additional risks . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . this medicine should be taken with an adequate amount of calcium and vitamin d . consult your doctor to see if your dietary calcium and vitamin d intake is adequate and whether you need calcium and vitamin d supplementation . if you take supplemental calcium and / or vitamin d , it may be taken at the same time as this medicine . if you take more conbriza than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you accidentally take more conbriza than you should . if you forget to take conbriza if you forget to take a tablet , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is almost time to take your next dose of this medicine , skip the dose you missed and only take your next scheduled dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking conbriza if you decide to stop taking this medicine before finishing the prescribed course of treatment , you should talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use or stopping the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with oncaspar has been prescribed by a doctor experienced in medicines used to treat cancer . your doctor will decide what dose of the medicine is needed and how often , based on your age and body surface area which is calculated from your height and weight . the medicine is given as a solution by injection into a muscle or , if more suitable , into a vein . if you are given too much oncaspar as your doctor will administer the medicine , it is very unlikely you will be given more than you need . in the unlikely event of accidental overdose , you will be monitored carefully by medical staff and treated appropriately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 45 mg taken by mouth each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without meals . your doctor may decrease the dose of your medicine depending on how well you tolerate it . if you take more vizimpro than you should if you have taken too much vizimpro , see a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . if you forget to take vizimpro if you miss a dose or vomit , take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking vizimpro do not stop taking vizimpro unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
caelyx pegylated liposomal is a unique formulation . it must not be used interchangeably with other formulations of doxorubicin hydrochloride . how much caelyx pegylated liposomal is given if you are being treated for breast cancer or ovarian cancer , caelyx pegylated liposomal will be administered at a dose of 50 mg per square metre of your body surface area ( based on your height and weight ). the dose is repeated every 4 weeks for as long as the disease does not progress and you are able to tolerate the treatment . if you are being treated for multiple myeloma , and have already received at least 1 prior therapy , caelyx pegylated liposomal will be administered at a dose of 30 mg per square metre of your body surface area ( based on your height and weight ) as a 1 hour intravenous infusion on day 4 of the bortezomib 3 week regimen immediately after the bortezomib infusion . the dose is repeated as long as you respond satisfactorily and tolerate treatment . if you are being treated for kaposi ' sarcoma , caelyx pegylated liposomal will be administered at a dose of 20 mg per square metre of your body surface area ( based on your height and weight ). the dose 34 is repeated every 2 to 3 weeks for 2 - 3 months , then as often as necessary to maintain an improvement in your condition . how caelyx pegylated liposomal is given caelyx pegylated liposomal will be given to you by your doctor in a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . depending on the dose and indication , this may take from 30 minutes to more than one hour ( i . e ., 90 minutes ). if you use more caelyx pegylated liposomal than you should acute overdosing worsens side effects like sores in the mouth or decreases the number of white blood cells and platelets in the blood . treatment will include administration of antibiotics , platelet cell transfusions , use of factors which stimulate production of white blood cells and symptomatic treatment of mouth sores . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you and do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of rasilamlo is one tablet a day . the effect on blood pressure is seen within 1 week and maximum effect is reached at around 4 weeks . if your blood pressure is not controlled after 4 to 6 weeks , your doctor may adjust your dose . method of administration swallow the tablet whole with some water . you should take this medicine with a light meal once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you should avoid taking this medicine together with fruit juice and / or drinks containing plant extracts ( including herbal teas ). during your treatment , your doctor may adjust your dose depending on your blood pressure response . if you take more rasilamlo than you should if you have accidentally taken too many rasilamlo tablets , talk to a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take rasilamlo if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember and then take the next dose at its usual time . if you only remember the forgotten dose the next day , you should simply take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two tablets at once ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . do not stop taking this medicine , even if you are feeling well unless your doctor tells you to do so . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of bortezomib according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose of bortezomib is 1 . 3 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may change the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your response to the treatment on the occurrence of certain side effects and on your underlying conditions ( e . g . liver problems ). progressive multiple myeloma when bortezomib is given alone , you will receive 4 doses of bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously on days 1 , 4 , 8 and 11 , followed by a 10 - day ' rest period ' without treatment . this 21 - day period ( 3 weeks ) corresponds to one treatment cycle . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). you may also be given bortezomib together with the medicines pegylated liposomal doxorubicin or dexamethasone . when bortezomib is given together with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin , you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously as a 21 - day treatment cycle and pegylated liposomal doxorubicin 30 mg / m2 is given on day 4 of the bortezomib 21 - day treatment cycle as an intravenous infusion after the bortezomib injection . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). when bortezomib is given together with dexamethasone , you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously as a 21 - day treatment cycle and dexamethasone 20 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 8 , 9 , 11 , and 12 , of the bortezomib , 21 - day treatment cycle . you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). previously untreated multiple myeloma if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with two other medicines ; melphalan and prednisone . in this case , the duration of a treatment cycle is 42 days ( 6 weeks ). you will receive 9 cycles ( 54 weeks ). in cycles 1 to 4 , bortezomib is administered twice weekly on days 1 , 4 , 8 , 11 , 22 , 25 , 29 and 32 . in cycles 5 to 9 , bortezomib is administered once weekly on days 1 , 8 , 22 and 29 . melphalan ( 9 mg / m2 ) and prednisone ( 60 mg / m2 ) are both given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 of the first week of each cycle . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines dexamethasone , or dexamethasone and thalidomide , as induction treatment . when bortezomib is given together with dexamethasone , you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously as a 21 - day treatment cycle and dexamethasone 40 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 of the bortezomib 21 - day treatment cycle . you will receive 4 cycles ( 12 weeks ). when bortezomib is given together with thalidomide and dexamethasone , the duration of a treatment cycle is 28 days ( 4 weeks ). dexamethasone 40 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 of the bortezomib 28 - day treatment cycle and thalidomide is given orally daily at 50 mg up to day 14 of the first cycle , and if tolerated the thalidomide dose is increased to 100 mg on days 15 - 28 and may be further increased to 200 mg daily from the second cycle onwards . you might receive up to 6 cycles ( 24 weeks ). previously untreated mantle cell lymphoma if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma , you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines rituximab , cyclophosphamide , doxorubicin and prednisone . bortezomib is given intravenously or subcutaneously on days 1 , 4 , 8 and 11 , followed by a ' rest period ' without treatment . the duration of a treatment cycle is 21 days ( 3 weeks ). you might receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). the following medicinal products are given on day 1 of each bortezomib 21 - day treatment cycle as intravenous infusions : rituximab at 375 mg / m2 , cyclophosphamide at 750 mg / m2 and doxorubicin at 50 mg / m2 . prednisone is given orally at 100 mg / m2 on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 of the bortezomib treatment cycle . how bortezomib hospira is given this medicine is for intravenous or subcutaneous use only . bortezomib will be administered by a health care professional experienced in the use of cytotoxic medicines . bortezomib powder has to be dissolved before administration . this will be done by a healthcare professional . the resulting solution is then either injected into a vein or under the skin . injection into a vein is rapid , taking 3 to 5 seconds . injection under the skin is in either the thighs or the abdomen . if you are given too much bortezomib hospira as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
- zoledronic acid medac must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . - your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . - carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid medac is given - the usual single dose given is 4 mg . - if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid medac is given - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid medac every three to four weeks . - if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given one infusion of zoledronic acid medac . how zoledronic acid medac is given - zoledronic acid medac is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 15 minutes and should be administered as a single intravenous solution in a separate infusion line . patients whose blood calcium levels are not too high will also be prescribed calcium and vitamin d supplements to be taken each day . if you are given more zoledronic acid medac than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because you may develop serum electrolyte abnormalities ( e . g . abnormal levels of calcium , phosphorus and magnesium ) and / or changes in kidney function , including severe kidney impairment . if your level of calcium falls too low , you may have to be given supplemental calcium by infusion .
always take advagraf exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine should only be prescribed to you by a doctor with experience in the treatment of transplant patients . make sure that you receive the same tacrolimus medicine every time you collect your prescription , unless your transplant specialist has agreed to change to a different tacrolimus medicine . this medicine should be taken once a day . if the appearance of this medicine is not the same as usual , or if dosage instructions have changed , speak to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . the starting dose to prevent the rejection of your transplanted organ will be determined by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . initial daily doses just after transplantation will generally be in the range of 0 . 10 0 . 30 mg per kg body weight per day depending on the transplanted organ . when treating rejection , these same doses may be used . your dose depends on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medication you are taking . following the initiation of your treatment with advagraf , frequent blood tests will be taken by your doctor to define the correct dose . afterwards regular blood tests by your doctor will be required to define the correct dose and to adjust the dose from time to time . your doctor will usually reduce your advagraf dose once your condition has stabilised . your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules to take . you will need to take advagraf every day as long as you need immunosuppression to prevent rejection of your transplanted organ . you should keep in regular contact with your doctor . advagraf is taken orally once daily in the morning . take advagraf on an empty stomach or 2 to 3 hours after a meal . wait at least 1 hour until the next meal . take the capsules immediately following removal from the blister . the capsules should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . do not swallow the desiccant contained in the foil wrapper . if you take more advagraf than you should if you have accidentally taken too much advagraf , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take advagraf if you have forgotten to take your advagraf capsules in the morning , take them as soon as possible on the same day . do not take a double dose the next morning . if you stop taking advagraf stopping your treatment with advagraf may increase the risk of rejection of your transplanted organ . do not stop your treatment unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
dose and frequency of administration the dose of zirabev needed depends on your body weight and the kind of cancer to be treated . the recommended dose is 5 mg , 7 . 5 mg , 10 mg or 15 mg per kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of zirabev that is right for you . you will be treated with zirabev once every 2 or 3 weeks . the number of infusions that you receive will depend on how you are responding to treatment ; you should continue to receive this medicine until zirabev fails to stop your tumour growing . your doctor will discuss this with you . method and route of administration zirabev is a concentrate for solution for infusion . depending on the dose prescribed for you , some or all of the contents of the zirabev vial will be diluted with sodium chloride solution before use . a doctor or nurse will give you this diluted zirabev solution by intravenous infusion ( a drip into your vein ). the first infusion will be given to you over 90 minutes . if this is well - tolerated the second infusion may be given over 60 minutes . later infusions may be given to you over 30 minutes . the administration of zirabev should be temporarily discontinued if you develop severe high blood pressure requiring treatment with blood pressure medicines , if you have problems with wound healing following surgery , if you undergo surgery . the administration of zirabev should be permanently discontinued if you develop severe high blood pressure which cannot be controlled by blood pressure medicines ; or a sudden severe rise in blood pressure , presence of protein in your urine accompanied by swelling of your body , a hole in your gut wall , an abnormal tube - like connection or passage between the windpipe and the gullet , between internal organs and skin , between the vagina and any parts of the gut or between other tissues that are not normally connected ( fistula ), and are judged by your doctor to be severe , serious infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , a blood clot in your arteries , a blood clot in the blood vessels of your lungs , 69 any severe bleeding . if too much zirabev is given you may develop a severe migraine . if this happens you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if a dose of zirabev is missed your doctor will decide when you should be given your next dose of zirabev . you should discuss this with your doctor . if you stop treatment with zirabev stopping your treatment with zirabev may stop the effect on tumour growth . do not stop treatment with zirabev unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radioactivity . striascan will always be used in a hospital or a similar place . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . they should tell you anything you need to do for the safe use of this medicine . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of striascan to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult ranges from 110 to 185 mbq ( megabecquerel or mbq , the unit used to measure radioactivity ). administration of striascan and conduct of the procedure before you receive striascan , your nuclear medicine doctor will ask you to take some tablets or liquid that contain iodine . these stop the radioactivity building - up in your thyroid gland . it is important that you take the tablets or liquid as the doctor tells you . striascan is given to you as an injection , usually into a vein in your arm . a single injection is enough . duration of the procedure the camera pictures are usually taken 3 to 6 hours after the injection of this product . your nuclear medicine doctor will inform you about the usual duration of the procedure . after administration of striascan , you should urinate frequently in order to eliminate the product from your body . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you are given more striascan than you should since this product is given by a doctor under controlled conditions , it is unlikely that you will get an overdose . your nuclear medicine doctor will suggest that you drink plenty of fluids to help the body get rid of the medicine . you will need to be careful with the water ( urine ) that you pass - your doctor will tell you what to do . this is normal practice with medicines like striascan . any ioflupane ( 123i ) which remains in your body will naturally lose its radioactivity . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is right for you , depending on the type of cancer to be treated . if you are being treated for : − gist or mrcc : the usual dose is 50 mg once daily taken for 28 days ( 4 weeks ), followed by 14 days ( 2 weeks ) of rest ( no medicine ), in 6 - week cycles . − pnet : the usual dose is 37 . 5 mg once daily without a rest period . your doctor will determine the appropriate dose you need to take , as well as if and when you need to stop treatment with sutent . sutent can be taken with or without food . if you take more sutent than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take sutent do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
treatment with mepsevii should be started and monitored by your doctor . - your doctor or nurse will give mepsevii to you by an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . - the medicine has to be diluted before being given . - your doctor may give ( or have given ) you some medicines to manage the allergic reaction such as an antihistamine or corticosteroid or an antipyretic , a medicine to reduce fever . dose the dose you will receive is based on how much you weigh . - the recommended dose is 4 mg for each kg of body weight . - the dose is given every two weeks through a drip into a vein ( intra - venous infusion ). - each infusion will be given over about 4 hours . if you are given more mepsevii than you should mepsevii is given to you and monitored by your doctor . he or she will check that the correct dose has been given and take action as needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one 200 mg hard capsule , each day with or without food . swallow the hard capsule with a glass of water . children and adolescents up to 18 years of age who weigh at least 33 kg and who are able to swallow hard capsules : one 200 mg hard capsule , each day with or without food . for infants from 4 months , children , and patients who are unable to swallow hard capsules and patients with kidney problems , emtriva is available as a liquid ( an oral solution ). if you have difficulty in swallowing the capsules , tell your doctor . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may advise you to take emtriva less frequently . your doctor will prescribe emtriva with other antiretroviral medicines . please refer to the package leaflets of the other antiretrovirals for guidance on how to take those medicines . if you take more emtriva than you should if you accidentally take too many emtriva hard capsules , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department for advice . keep the carton with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take emtriva it is important not to miss a dose of emtriva . if you do miss a dose of emtriva within 12 hours of when it is usually taken , take it as soon as you can , and then take your next dose at its regular time . if it is almost time ( less than 12 hours ) for your next dose anyway , forget about the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten hard capsule . if you are sick ( vomit ) if it ' s less than an hour since you took emtriva , take another capsule . you do not need to take another capsule if you were sick more than an hour after taking emtriva . if you stop taking emtriva don ' t stop taking emtriva without talking to your doctor . stopping treatment with emtriva may reduce the effectiveness of the anti - hiv therapy recommended by your doctor . speak with your doctor before you stop , particularly if you are experiencing any side effects or you have another illness . contact your doctor again before you restart taking emtriva capsules . if you have both hiv infection and hepatitis b , it is especially important not to stop your emtriva treatment without talking to your doctor first . some patients have had blood tests or symptoms indicating that their hepatitis has got worse after stopping emtriva . you may require blood tests for several months after stopping treatment . in some patients with advanced liver disease or cirrhosis , stopping treatment is not recommended as this may lead to worsening of hepatitis . tell your doctor immediately about new or unusual symptoms after you stop treatment , particularly symptoms you associate with hepatitis b infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how it is given truxima will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given truxima as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). medicines given before each truxima administration before you are given truxima , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will receive your treatment a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma 110 if you are having truxima alone truxima will be given to you once a week for 4 weeks . repeated treatment courses with truxima are possible . if you are having truxima with chemotherapy truxima will be given to you on the same day as your chemotherapy . this is usually given every 3 weeks up to 8 times . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given truxima every 2 or 3 months for two years . your doctor may change this , depending on how you respond to the medicine . b ) if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with truxima in combination with chemotherapy , you will receive truxima infusions on day 0 cycle 1 then day 1 of each cycle for 6 cycles in total . each cycle has a duration of 28 days . the chemotherapy should be given after the truxima infusion . your doctor will decide if you should receive concomitant supportive therapy . c ) if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis each course of treatment is made up of two separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart . repeated courses of treatment with truxima are possible . depending on the signs and symptoms of your disease , your doctor will decide when you should receive more truxima . this may be months from now . d ) if you are being treated for granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis treatment with truxima uses four separate infusions given at weekly intervals . corticosteroids will usually be given by injection before the start of truxima treatment . corticosteroids given by mouth may be started at any time by your doctor to treat your condition . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given truxima as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered as 2 separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart , followed by 1 infusion every 6 months for at least 2 years . your doctor may decide to treat you longer with truxima ( up to 5 years ), depending on how you respond to the medicine . e ) if you are being treated for pemphigus vulgaris each course of treatment is made up of two separate infusions which are given 2 weeks apart . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given truxima as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered 1 year and 18 months after the initial treatment and then every 6 months as needed or your doctor may change this , depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with them if you are not sure . how much to take you will be told how many ml to take for each dose . take the medicine twice a day . your doctor will start you or your child on a low dose . this can then be gradually increased depending on how well the medicine works and how it affects you or your child . the maximum amount you can take is 6 ml twice a day . if you are taking stiripentol , the maximum amount you can take is 4 ml twice a day . do not take more than the prescribed dose as it may cause serious side effects . taking this medicine take this medicine by mouth . take the medicine with food or between meals . fintepla oral solution is compatible with a ketogenic diet . the medicine is a liquid . use the oral syringes provided to measure your dose , as explained below . use the green 3 ml syringe for doses up to 3 . 0 ml . use the purple 6 ml syringe for doses between 3 . 2 ml and 6 . 0 ml . fintepla oral solution is compatible with most enteral feeding tubes . to flush the feeding tube , fill the syringe used for dosing with water and flush the tube . do this 3 times . 3 ml syringe - green 6 ml syringe - purple 34 write on the carton the date you first opened the bottle . you must attach the bottle adaptor the first time you open the bottle . the following instructions tell you how to attach the adaptor . inserting the bottle adaptor : when the bottle is first opened the bottle adaptor must be pushed into the bottle . wash and dry your hands . remove the bottle adaptor from its packaging . place the bottle on a flat , firm surface . open the bottle . hold the bottle firmly . line up the bottle adapter with the open top of the bottle . push the bottle adaptor into the bottle with your palm until the adaptor is flush with the top of the bottle . leave in the bottle adaptor after using the medicine . screw the bottle cap onto the bottle with the bottle adaptor left in . taking the medicine : before you measure out the dose , make sure the plunger is pushed all the way into the oral syringe . hold the bottle of medicine firmly on a hard , flat surface . push the tip of the oral syringe into the bottle adaptor until it cannot be pushed further . hold the oral syringe and bottle together and turn upside down . slowly pull the plunger to draw up the right dose . hold the oral syringe and bottle together and then turn over . holding the bottle firmly , gently pull the oral syringe out of the bottle adaptor . place the tip of the oral syringe against the inside of the patient ' s cheek . gently push the plunger until it is fully pressed . there will be a small volume left in the tip of the syringe . this is normal . do not squirt the medicine into the back of the throat as this may cause choking . place the cap back on the bottle and turn until it stops . always leave the adaptor in place in the bottle . cleaning the syringe : rinse the oral syringe with clean water and allow it to air dry after each use . rinse the inside of the syringe and the plunger . clean water can be pulled into the syringe with the plunger and pushed out several times to clean the syringe . it is okay to separate the plunger from the syringe to rinse each part . it is safe to clean the syringe and plunger in a dishwasher . the syringe and plunger must be completely dry before the next use . if you or your child take more fintepla than you or your child should talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine bottle with you . the following effects may happen : being agitated , sleepy or confused , being flushed or hot , shivering and sweating . if you or your child forget to take fintepla take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you or your child stop taking fintepla do not stop taking fintepla without talking to your doctor . if your doctor decides to stop this medicine , the doctor will ask you or your child to slowly lower the amount taken each day . slowly lowering the dose will reduce the risk of having a seizure and status epilepticus . six months after the last dose of fintepla , you or your child will need to have an echocardiogram . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacists if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many zalasta tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of zalasta is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking zalasta unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your zalasta tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . you should swallow the tablets whole with water . if you take more zalasta than you should patients who have taken more zalasta than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may be : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zalasta take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zalasta do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zalasta for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking zalasta , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
dacogen will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in giving this type of medicine . how much to use your doctor will work out your dose of dacogen . this depends on your height and weight ( body surface area ). the dose is 20 mg / m2 body surface area . you will receive dacogen every day for 5 days , then 3 weeks without the medicine . this is called a ' treatment cycle ' and it is repeated every 4 weeks . you will usually receive at least 4 treatment cycles . your doctor may delay your dose and change the total number of cycles , depending on how you respond to the treatment . how dacogen is given the solution is given into a vein ( as an infusion ). this will take one hour . if you are given more dacogen than you should this medicine will be given by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an overdose ) your doctor will check you for side effects and manage them accordingly . if you forget your appointment to have dacogen if you miss an appointment , make another one as soon as possible . this is because for this medicine to be as effective as possible , it is important to follow the dosing schedule . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for type 1 gaucher disease : for adults , the usual dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 12 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 600 mg ). for children less than 12 years old , your doctor will adjust the dose for niemann - pick type c disease . if you have a problem with your kidneys you may receive a lower starting dose . your doctor may reduce your dose , e . g ., to one capsule ( 100 mg ) once or twice a day , if you suffer from diarrhoea when taking zavesca ( see section 4 ). your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . to remove the capsule : 1 . separate at perforations 2 . peel back paper at arrows 3 . push product through foil zavesca can be taken with or without food . you should swallow the whole capsule with a glass of water . if you take more zavesca than you should if you take more capsules than you were told to , consult your doctor immediately . zavesca has been used in clinical trials at doses ten times higher than the recommended dose : this caused decreases in white blood cells and other side effects similar to those described in section 4 . if you forget to take zavesca take the next capsule at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking zavesca don ' t stop taking zavesca without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with prialt will be managed by a doctor who has experience of giving medicines into the space around the spinal cord , and in the use of internal and external infusion pumps . the recommended starting dose is no more than 2 . 4 micrograms per day . your doctor will adjust the dose of prialt according to the severity of your pain by adding no more than 2 . 4 micrograms / day . the maximum dose is 21 . 6 micrograms / day . at the start of your treatment your doctor may increase your dose every 1 to 2 days or more . if needed , the dose may be decreased or injection stopped if the side effects are too great . prialt is given as a very slow continuous injection into the space surrounding the spinal cord ( intrathecal use ). the medicine will be administered continuously from a pump either implanted into your abdominal wall or placed externally in a belt pouch . your doctor will discuss with you the kind of pump that will be most suitable for you and when you need to have your pump refilled . if you feel that you are still in too much pain while receiving prialt , or that the side effects are too great , talk to your doctor . before giving you prialt , your doctor might decide to slowly stop giving you opiates ( other types of medicinal product which are used to treat pain ) into your spinal cord and instead replace with alternative pain medicinal products . if you receive more prialt than you should if you receive more prialt than your doctor intended , you may feel unwell with signs such as confusion , problems with speech , word finding difficulties , excessive shaking , light - headedness , excessive sleepiness , feeling or being sick . if this happens , consult your doctor or hospital immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
polivy is given under the supervision of a doctor experienced in giving such treatments . it is given into a vein , as a drip over 90 minutes . how much polivy is given the dose of this medicine depends on your body weight . the usual starting dose is 1 . 8 mg for each kilogram of your body weight . if you have peripheral neuropathy , your doctor may lower your dose to 1 . 4 mg for each kilogram of your body weight . you will be given 6 treatment cycles of polivy in combination with two other medicines called rituximab and bendamustine . each cycle lasts 21 days . if you miss a dose of polivy if you miss an appointment , make another one straight away . for the treatment to be fully effective , it is very important not to miss a dose . if you stop receiving polivy do not stop treatment with polivy unless you have discussed this with your doctor . this is because stopping treatment may make your condition worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale ulunar breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale ulunar breezhaler - ulunar breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( ulunar breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new ulunar breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more ulunar breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of ulunar breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to vomit , or you may notice visual disturbances , feel constipated or have difficulty when passing urine . if you forget to use ulunar breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . how long to continue your treatment with ulunar breezhaler keep using ulunar breezhaler for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use ulunar breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 1 . 5 mg once a day by mouth . thereafter , the dose may be slowly adjusted by your doctor , in steps of 1 . 5 mg , depending on how the treatment works for you . the maximum dose should not exceed 6 mg once a day . take reagila at the same time each day with or without food . if you were taking another medicine to treat schizophrenia before starting reagila , your doctor will decide whether to stop the other medicine gradually or immediately and how to adjust the dose of reagila . your doctor will also inform you how to act if you switch from reagila to another medicine . patients with kidney or liver problems if you have serious kidney or liver problems reagila may not be appropriate for you . talk to your doctor . elderly patients your doctor will carefully select the appropriate dose for your needs . reagila should not be used by elderly patients with dementia ( loss of memory ). if you take more reagila than you should if you have taken more reagila than your doctor has recommended or if , for example , a child has taken it by mistake , contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital right away and take the pack of the medicine with you . you may experience dizziness from low blood pressure , or have abnormal heartbeats , you may feel sleepy , tired , or have abnormal body movements and find it difficult to stand or walk . if you forget to take reagila if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss two or more doses , contact your doctor . if you stop taking reagila if you stop taking this medicine you will lose the effects of the medicine . even if you feel better , do not alter or stop your daily dose of reagila unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide exactly what dose of rapamune you must take and how often to take it . follow your doctor ' s instructions exactly , and never change the dose yourself . rapamune is for oral use only . inform your doctor if you have difficulty taking the oral solution . rapamune should be taken consistently , either with or without food . kidney transplant your doctor will give you an initial dose of 6 mg as soon as possible after the kidney transplant operation . then you will need to take 2 mg of rapamune each day , until otherwise directed by your doctor . your dose will be adjusted depending on the level of rapamune in your blood . your doctor will need to perform blood tests to measure rapamune concentrations . if you are also taking ciclosporin , then you must take the two medicines approximately 4 hours apart . it is recommended that rapamune be used first in combination with ciclosporin and corticosteroids . after 3 months , your doctor may discontinue either rapamune or ciclosporin , as it is not recommended that these medicines be taken together beyond this period . sporadic lymphangioleiomyomatosis ( s - lam ) your doctor will give you 2 mg of rapamune each day , until otherwise directed by your doctor . your dose will be adjusted depending on the level of rapamune in your blood . your doctor will need to perform blood tests to measure rapamune concentrations . instructions on how to dilute rapamune 1 . remove the safety cap from the bottle by squeezing the tabs on the cap and twisting . insert the syringe adapter into the bottle until it is flush with the top of the bottle . do not attempt to remove the syringe adapter from the bottle once inserted . 2 . with the plunger fully depressed , insert one of the dosing syringes into the opening in the adapter . 3 . withdraw the exact amount of rapamune oral solution as prescribed by your doctor by gently pulling out the plunger of the dosing syringe until the level of the oral solution is even with the appropriate mark on the dosing syringe . the bottle should remain in an upright position when withdrawing the solution . if bubbles form in the oral solution in the dosing syringe during withdrawal , empty the rapamune solution back into the bottle and repeat the withdrawal procedure . you may need to repeat step 3 more than once to deliver your dose . 4 . you may have been instructed to take your rapamune oral solution at a particular time of day . if it is necessary to carry your medication with you , fill the dosing syringe to the appropriate mark and place a cap securely on it the cap should snap into place . then place the capped dosing syringe in the carrying case provided . once in the syringe the medication may be kept at room temperature ( not exceeding 25c ) or refrigerated and should be used within 24 hours . 5 . empty the contents of the dosing syringe into only a glass or plastic container holding at least 60 ml of water or orange juice . stir well for one minute and drink immediately at once . refill the glass with at least 120 ml of water or orange juice , stir well , and drink immediately . no other liquids , including grapefruit juice , should be used for dilution . the dosing syringe and cap are to be used once and then discarded . when refrigerated the solution in the bottle may develop a slight haze . if this occurs , simply bring your rapamune oral solution to room temperature and shake gently . the presence of this haze does not affect the quality of rapamune . if you take more rapamune than you should if you have taken more medicine than you were told contact a doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency department straight away . always take the labelled medicine bottle with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to take rapamune if you forget to take rapamune , take it as soon as you remember , but not within 4 hours of the next dose of ciclosporin . after that , continue to take your medicines as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose , and always take rapamune and ciclosporin approximately 4 hours apart . if you miss a dose of rapamune completely , you should inform your doctor . if you stop taking rapamune do not stop taking rapamune unless your doctor tells you to , as you risk losing your transplant . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . invirase comes as a 500 mg film - coated tablet . your doctor will prescribe invirase in combination with ritonavir ( norvir ) and other hiv medicines . how to take take invirase at the same time as your ritonavir ( norvir ) capsules . take your invirase film - coated tablets with or after food . swallow them whole with water . how much to take standard dose take two 500 mg film - coated tablets of invirase twice a day . take one 100 mg capsule of ritonavir ( norvir ) twice a day . if this is your first medicine for hiv or the first time you are taking ritonavir ( norvir ) you need to take a lower dose of invirase for your first week . week 1 : take one 500 mg film - coated tablet of invirase twice a day . take one 100 mg capsule of ritonavir ( norvir ) twice a day . week 2 onwards : continue with the standard dose . if you take more invirase than you should if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of invirase / ritonavir you must contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take invirase do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten individual dose . if you forget to take one dose , take this dose as soon as you remember together with some food . then go on with the regular schedule as prescribed . do not change the prescribed dose yourself . if you stop taking invirase continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmascist .
gardasil is given as an injection by your doctor . gardasil is intended for adolescents and adults from 9 39 years of age onwards . if you are from 9 to and including 13 years of age gardasil can be administered according to a 2 - dose schedule : - first injection : at chosen date - second injection : 6 months after first injection if the second vaccine dose is administered earlier than 6 months after the first dose , a third dose should always be administered . alternatively , gardasil can be administered according to a 3 - dose schedule : - first injection : at chosen date - second injection : 2 months after first injection - third injection : 6 months after first injection the second dose should be administered at least one month after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 3 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . if you are from 14 years of age gardasil should be administered according to a 3 - dose schedule : - first injection : at chosen date - second injection : 2 months after first injection - third injection : 6 months after first injection the second dose should be administered at least one month after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 3 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . it is recommended that individuals who receive a first dose of gardasil complete the vaccination course with gardasil . gardasil will be given as an injection through the skin into the muscle ( preferably the muscle of the upper arm or thigh ). the vaccine should not be mixed in the same syringe with any other vaccines and solutions . if you forget one dose of gardasil : if you miss a scheduled injection , your doctor will decide when to give the missed dose . it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor or nurse regarding return visits for the follow - up doses . if you forget or are not able to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice . when gardasil is given as your first dose , the completion of the vaccination course should be done with gardasil , and not with another hpv vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet taken each day by mouth . the tablet must be taken with food . this is important to get the right levels of active substance in your body . a nutritional drink alone does not replace food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet if you do it may affect the way the medicine is released into your body . if your doctor decides to stop one of the components of eviplera or change the dose of eviplera , you may be given emtricitabine , rilpivirine and / or tenofovir disoproxil separately or with other medicines for the treatment of hiv infection . if you are taking an antacid such as medicines containing magnesium or potassium . take it at least 2 hours before or at least 4 hours after eviplera . if you are taking an h2 - antagonist such as famotidine , cimetidine , nizatidine or ranitidine . take it at least 12 hours before or at least 4 hours after eviplera . h2 - antagonists can only be taken once a day if you take eviplera . h2 - antagonists should not be taken twice a day . talk to your doctor about an alternative regimen . if you are taking rifabutin . your doctor may need to give you an additional dose of rilpivirine . take the rilpivirine tablet at the same time you take eviplera . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you take more eviplera than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose of eviplera you may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take eviplera it is important not to miss a dose of eviplera . if you do miss a dose : if you notice within 12 hours of the time you usually take eviplera , you must take the tablet as soon as possible . always take the tablet with food . then take the next dose as usual . if you notice after 12 hours or more of the time you usually take eviplera , then do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose , with food , at your usual time . if you vomit less than 4 hours after taking eviplera , take another tablet with food . if you vomit more than 4 hours after taking eviplera you do not need to take another tablet until your next regularly scheduled tablet . do not stop taking eviplera do not stop taking eviplera without talking to your doctor . stopping eviplera can seriously affect your response to future treatment . if eviplera for any reason is stopped , speak to your doctor before you restart taking eviplera tablets . your doctor may consider giving you the components of eviplera separately if you are having problems or need your dose adjusted . when your supply of eviplera starts to run low , get more from your doctor or pharmacist . this is very important because the amount of virus may start to increase if the medicine is stopped for even a short time . the virus may then become harder to treat . if you have hiv infection and hepatitis b , it is especially important not to stop your eviplera treatment without talking to your doctor first . some patients have had blood tests or symptoms indicating that their hepatitis has got worse after stopping emtricitabine or tenofovir disoproxil ( two of the three active substances of eviplera ). if eviplera is stopped your doctor may recommend that you resume hepatitis b treatment . you may need blood tests to check how your liver is working for 4 months after stopping treatment . in some patients with advanced liver disease or cirrhosis , stopping treatment is not recommended as this may lead to worsening of your hepatitis , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately about new or unusual symptoms after you stop treatment , particularly symptoms you associate with hepatitis b infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 0 . 1 ml for individuals 60 years of age and over . intanza is administered to you by your doctor or nurse . intanza is given as an injection into the upper layer of the skin ( preferably the muscle of the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide hexal . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and if you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking temozolomide hexal to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme if you are a newly - diagnosed patient , treatment will occur in two phases : treatment together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase ) first followed by treatment with only temozolomide hexal ( monotherapy phase ). during the concomitant phase , your doctor will start temozolomide hexal at a dose of 75 mg / m2 ( usual dose ). you will take this dose every day for 42 days ( up to 49 days ) in combination with radiotherapy . the temozolomide hexal dose may be delayed or stopped , depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during the concomitant phase . once the radiotherapy is completed , you will interrupt treatment for 4 weeks . this will give your body a chance to recover . then , you will start the monotherapy phase . during the monotherapy phase , the dose and way you take temozolomide hexal will be different . your doctor will work out your exact dose . there may be up to 6 treatment periods ( cycles ). each one lasts 28 days . you will take your new dose of temozolomide hexal alone once daily for the first 5 days (" dosing days ") of each cycle . the first dose will be 150 mg / m2 . then you will have 23 days without temozolomide hexal . this adds up to a 28 - day treatment cycle . after day 28 , the next cycle will begin . you will again take temozolomide hexal once daily for 5 days followed by 23 days without temozolomide hexal . the temozolomide hexal dose may be adjusted , delayed or stopped depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . patients with tumours that have returned or worsened ( malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma ) taking temozolomide hexal only : a treatment cycle with temozolomide hexal lasts 28 days . you will take temozolomide hexal alone once daily for the first 5 days . this daily dose depends on whether or not you have received chemotherapy before . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 150 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . then , you will have 23 days without temozolomide hexal . this adds up to a 28 - day treatment cycle . after day 28 , the next cycle will begin . you will again receive temozolomide hexal once daily for 5 days , followed by 23 days without temozolomide hexal . before each new treatment cycle , your blood will be tested to see if the temozolomide dose needs to be adjusted . depending on your blood test results , your doctor may adjust your dose for the next cycle . how to take temozolomide hexal take your prescribed dose of temozolomide hexal once a day , preferably at the same time each day . take the capsules on an empty stomach ; for example , at least one hour before you plan to eat breakfast . swallow the capsule ( s ) whole with a glass of water . do not open , crush or chew the capsules . if a capsule is damaged , avoid contact of the powder with your skin , eyes or nose . if you accidentally get some in your eyes or nose , flush the area with water . depending on the prescribed dose , you may have to take more than one capsule together , eventually with different strengths ( content of active substance , in mg ). the colour of the capsule cap is different for each strength ( see in the table below ). strength colour of the cap temozolomide hexal 5 mg hard capsules green temozolomide hexal 20 mg hard capsules yellow temozolomide hexal 100 mg hard capsules pink temozolomide hexal 140 mg hard capsules blue temozolomide hexal 180 mg hard capsules maroon temozolomide hexal 250 mg hard capsules white you should make sure you fully understand and remember the following : how many capsules you need to take every dosing day . ask your doctor or pharmacist to write it down ( including the colour ). which days are your dosing days . review the dose with your doctor each time you start a new cycle , since it may be different from the last cycle . always take temozolomide hexal exactly as your doctor has told you . it is very important to check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . errors in how you take this medicine may have serious health consequences . if you take more temozolomide hexal than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide hexal capsules than you were told to , contact your doctor or pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take temozolomide hexal take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if a full day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose , unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . although semglee contains the same active substance as insulin glargine 300 units / ml , these medicines are not interchangeable . the switch from one insulin therapy to another requires medical prescription , medical supervision and blood glucose monitoring . please , consult your doctor for further information . dose based on your life - style and the results of your blood sugar ( glucose ) tests and your previous insulin usage , your doctor will - determine how much semglee per day you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of semglee . semglee is a long - acting insulin . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting insulin or with tablets used to treat high blood sugar levels . many factors may influence your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . frequency of administration you need one injection of semglee every day , at the same time of the day . semglee pen delivers insulin in increments of 1 unit up to a maximum single dose of 80 units . method of administration semglee is injected under the skin . do not inject semglee in a vein , since this will change its action and may cause hypoglycaemia . your doctor will show you in which area of the skin you should inject semglee . with each injection , change the puncture site within the particular area of skin that you are using . how to handle semglee pen semglee in pre - filled pen is only suitable for injecting just under the skin . speak to your doctor if you need to inject your insulin by another method . read carefully the " instructions for use " included in this package leaflet . you must use the pen as described in these instructions for use . a new needle must be attached before each use . only use needles that are compatible with semglee pen ( see " instructions for use "). a safety test must be performed before each injection . look at the cartridge before you use the pen . do not use semglee if you notice particles in the solution . only use semglee if the solution is clear and colourless . do not shake or mix it before use . to prevent the possible transmission of disease , never share your pen with anyone else . this pen is only for your use . always use a new pen if you notice that your blood sugar control is unexpectedly getting worse . if you think you may have a problem with semglee pen , consult your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . empty pens must not be re - filled and must be properly discarded . do not use semglee pen if it is damaged or not working properly ( due to mechanical defects ), it has to be discarded and a new semglee pen has to be used . insulin mix - ups you must always check the insulin label before each injection to avoid mix - ups between semglee and other insulins . if you use more semglee than you should if you have injected too much semglee , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hypoglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of hypoglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use semglee if you have missed a dose of semglee or if you have not injected enough insulin , your blood sugar level may become too high ( hyperglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . for information on the treatment of hyperglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using semglee this could lead to severe hyperglycaemia ( very high blood sugar ) and ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). do not stop semglee without speaking to a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor or nurse . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . osteoporosis the usual dose is 5 mg given as one infusion per year into a vein by your doctor or nurse . the infusion will take at least 15 minutes . in case you recently broke your hip , it is recommended that zoledronic acid teva pharma is administered two or more weeks after your hip repair surgery . it is important to take calcium and vitamin d supplements ( for example tablets ) as directed by your doctor . for osteoporosis , zoledronic acid teva pharma works for one year . your doctor will let you know when to return for your next dose . paget ' s disease for the treatment of paget ' s disease , zoledronic acid teva pharma should be prescribed only by physicians with experience in the treatment of paget ' s disease of the bone . the usual dose is 5 mg , given to you as one initial infusion into a vein by your doctor or nurse . the infusion will take at least 15 minutes . zoledronic acid teva pharma may work for longer than one year , and your doctor will let you know if you need to be treated again . your doctor may advise you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements ( e . g . tablets ) for at least the first ten days after being given zoledronic acid teva pharma . it is important that you follow this advice carefully so that the level of calcium in your blood does not become too low in the period after the infusion . your doctor will inform you regarding the symptoms associated with hypocalcaemia . zoledronic acid teva pharma with food and drink make sure you drink enough fluids ( at least one or two glasses ) before and after the treatment with zoledronic acid teva pharma , as directed by your doctor . this will help prevent dehydration . you may eat normally on the day you are treated with zoledronic acid teva pharma . this is especially important in patients who take diuretics (" water pills ") and in elderly patients ( age 65 years or over ). if you missed a dose of zoledronic acid teva pharma contact your doctor or hospital as soon as possible to re - schedule your appointment . before stopping zoledronic acid teva pharma therapy if you are considering stopping zoledronic acid teva pharma treatment , please go to your next appointment and discuss this with your doctor . your doctor will advise you and decide how long you should be treated with zoledronic acid teva pharma . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much atectura breezhaler to inhale there are three different strengths of atectura breezhaler capsules . your doctor will decide which is best for you . the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use the medicine once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use atectura breezhaler every day , even when your asthma is not troubling you . when to inhale atectura breezhaler inhale atectura breezhaler at the same time each day . this will help control your symptoms throughout the day and night . it will also help you to remember to use it . how to inhale atectura breezhaler - atectura breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules that contain the medicine . the inhaler enables you to inhale the medicine in the capsule . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack . the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it , do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions for use on the other side of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if your symptoms do not improve if your asthma is not getting better or if it gets worse after you have started using atectura breezhaler , talk to your doctor . if you use more atectura breezhaler than you should if you accidently inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or hospital for advice immediately . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use atectura breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using atectura breezhaler do not stop using atectura breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
receiving this medicine iasibon is normally given by a doctor or other medical staff who have experience with the treatment of cancer . it is given as an infusion into your vein your doctor may do regular blood tests while you are receiving iasibon . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will work out how much iasibon you will be given depending on your illness . if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones , then the recommended dose is 6 ampoules ( 6 mg ) every 3 - 4 weeks , as an infusion in your vein over at least 15 minutes . if you have a raised calcium level in your blood due to a tumour then the recommended dose is a single administration of 2 ampoules ( 2 mg ) or 4 ampoules ( 4 mg ), depending on the severity of your illness . the medicine should be administered as an infusion in your vein over two hours . a repeated dose may be considered in case of insufficient response or if your illness reappears . your doctor may adjust your dose and duration of intravenous infusion if you have kidney problems . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 15 mg once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started at a low dose with the oral solution ( liquid ) form . the dose may be gradually increased to the recommended dose for adolescents of 10 mg once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of aripiprazole mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take aripiprazole mylan pharma at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of aripiprazole mylan pharma without first consulting your doctor . if you take more aripiprazole mylan pharma than you should if you realise you have taken more aripiprazole mylan pharma than your doctor has recommended ( or if someone else has taken some of your aripiprazole mylan pharma ), contact your doctor right away . if you cannot reach your doctor , go to the nearest hospital and take the pack with you . patients who have taken too much aripiprazole have experienced the following symptoms : rapid heartbeat , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech . unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may include : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness , and drowsiness or sleepiness , slower breathing , choking , high or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital immediately if you experience any of the above . if you forget to take your aripiprazole mylan pharma if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember but do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking aripiprazole mylan pharma do not stop your treatment just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking aripiprazole mylan pharma for as long as your doctor has told you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
takhzyro is provided in single - use vials as ready - to - use solution . your treatment will be started and managed under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure or have any further questions on the use of this medicine . how much takhzyro to use the recommended starting dose is 300 mg every 2 weeks . if you have not had an attack for a long period , your doctor may change the dose to 300 mg every 4 weeks , especially if you have a low body weight . how to inject takhzyro if you inject takhzyro yourself or if your caregiver injects it , you or your caregiver must carefully read and follow the instructions in section 7 , " instructions for use ". takhzyro is for injection under the skin (' subcutaneous injection '). the injection can be given either by yourself or a caregiver . a doctor , pharmacist or nurse should show you how to prepare and inject takhzyro properly before you use it for the first time . do not inject yourself or someone else until you have been trained to inject the medicine . insert the needle into the fatty tissue in the tummy ( abdomen ), thigh or upper arm . inject the medicine in a different place each time . use each vial of takhzyro only once . if you use more takhzyro than you should tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you take too much takhzyro . if you forget to use takhzyro if you miss a dose of takhzyro , inject your dose as soon as possible but there must be at least 10 days between each dose . if you are not sure when to inject takhzyro after a missed dose , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you stop using takhzyro it is important that you keep injecting takhzyro as instructed by your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor will decide how much zypadhera you need and how often you need to be given an injection . zypadhera is given in doses of 150 mg to 300 mg every 2 weeks or 300 mg to 405 mg every 4 weeks . zypadhera comes as a powder which your doctor or nurse will make into a suspension that will then be injected into the muscle in your buttock . if you are given more zypadhera than needed this medicine will be given to you under medical supervision , it is therefore unlikely that you will be given too much . patients who have been given too much olanzapine have also experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may include : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness , and drowsiness or sleepiness ; slower breathing , aspiration , high or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . if you miss an injection of zypadhera do not stop your treatment just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on receiving zypadhera for as long as your doctor has told you to . if you miss an injection , you should contact your doctor to arrange your next injection as soon as you can . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of juluca is one tablet once a day . juluca must be taken with a meal . a meal is important to get the right levels of medicine in your body . a protein - rich nutritional drink alone does not replace a meal . do not chew , crush or split the tablet , to ensure the full dose is taken . rifabutin rifabutin , a medicine to treat some bacterial infections , can lower the amount of juluca in your body and make it less effective . if you take rifabutin , your doctor may need to give you an additional dose of rilpivirine . take the rilpivirine tablet at the same time you take juluca .  talk to your doctor for further advice on taking rifabutin with juluca . antacid medicines antacids , to treat indigestion and heartburn , can stop juluca being absorbed into your body and make it less effective . do not take an antacid during the 6 hours before you take juluca , or for at least 4 hours after you take it .  talk to your doctor for further advice on taking acid - lowering medicines with juluca . calcium supplements , iron supplements or multivitamins calcium supplements , iron supplements or multivitamins can stop juluca being absorbed into your body and make it less effective . calcium supplements , iron supplements or multivitamins must be taken at the same time as juluca . juluca must be taken with a meal . if you can ' t take these supplements at the same time as juluca , do not take calcium supplements , iron supplements or multivitamins during the 6 hours before you take juluca , or for at least 4 hours after you take it .  talk to your doctor for further advice on taking calcium supplements , iron supplements or multivitamins with juluca . h2 receptor antagonists ( for example cimetidine , famotidine , nizatidine , ranitidine ) h2 receptor antagonist medicines can stop juluca being absorbed into your body and make it less effective . do not take these medicines during the 12 hours before you take juluca , or for at least 4 hours after you take it .  talk to your doctor for further advice on taking these medicines with juluca . if you take more juluca than you should if you take too many tablets of juluca contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if possible , show them the juluca pack . if you forget to take juluca if you notice within 12 hours of the time you usually take juluca , you must take the tablet as soon as possible . the juluca tablet must be taken with a meal . then take the next dose as usual . if you notice after 12 hours , then skip that dose and take the next doses as usual .  do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit less than 4 hours after taking juluca , take another tablet with a meal . if you vomit more than 4 hours after taking juluca you do not need to take another tablet until your next scheduled dose . don ' t stop taking juluca without advice from your doctor take juluca for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
taxespira will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration taxespira will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to taxespira . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him the results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , or hospital pharmacist .
the doctor treating you will implant inductos during surgery . the medical staff will prepare inductos in the operating room . the powder is dissolved in the sterile water to form a solution that is used to 43 soak the sponge . the soaked sponge is then implanted where bone growth is needed . over time , the sponge will gradually disappear as new bone is formed . if you are receiving inductos for lower back spine fusion , your surgeon will remove the damaged disc that is causing the pain and replace it with a medical device filled with inductos . the medical device corrects the position of your spine , and inductos encourages bone to grow between the two vertebrae to fix them permanently in the correct position . if you are receiving inductos for a broken shin bone , your doctor will place inductos around your broken bone when your fracture is treated . the doctor will determine how much inductos you will receive , depending on the size and number of fractures . generally , one 12 mg pack is used ; however , a maximum of two 12 mg packs may be used .
do not switch between taking posaconazole tablets and posaconazole oral suspension without talking to your doctor or pharmacist because it may result in a lack of efficacy or an increased risk of adverse reactions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to determine how long posaconazole ahcl needs to be given and whether any change is needed to your daily dose . the table below shows the recommended dose and length of treatment which depend on the type of infection that you have and may be individually adapted for you by your doctor . do not adapt your dose yourself before consulting your doctor or change your treatment regime . whenever possible you should take posaconazole during or immediately after food or a nutritional drink . indication recommended dose and length of treatment treatment of refractory fungal infections ( invasive aspergillosis , fusariosis , chromoblastomycosis / mycetoma , coccidioidomycosis ) the recommended dose is 200 mg ( one 5 ml spoonful ) taken four times daily . alternatively , if recommended by your doctor , you may take 400 mg ( two 5 ml spoonfuls ) twice a day provided that you are able to take both doses during or after food or a nutritional drink . first time treatment of thrush on the first day of treatment take 200 mg ( one 5 ml spoonful ) once . after the first day , take 100 mg ( 2 . 5 ml ) once a day . prevention of serious fungal infections take 200 mg ( one 5 ml spoonful ) three times a day . if you take more posaconazole ahcl than you should if you are concerned that you may have taken too much , contact your doctor or healthcare professional immediately . if you forget to take posaconazole ahcl if you have missed a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , take your dose when it is due . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much to take always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for melanoma treatment the recommended dose of braftovi to treat melanoma is 6 capsules of 75 mg once daily ( corresponding to a daily dose of 450 mg ). you will also receive treatment with another medicine , binimetinib . for large intestine cancer treatment the recommended dose of braftovi to treat large intestine cancer is 4 capsules of 75 mg once daily ( corresponding to a daily dose of 300 mg ). you will also receive treatment with another medicine cetuximab . if you have liver or kidney problems , your doctor may start you on a lower dose . if you get serious side effects ( such as heart , eye or bleeding problems ) your doctor may lower the dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take braftovi swallow the capsules whole with water . braftovi can be taken with food or between meals . if you are sick if you vomit at any time after taking braftovi , do not take an additional dose . take the next dose as scheduled . if you take more braftovi than you should if you take more capsules than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straightaway . side effects of braftovi such as nausea , vomiting , dehydration and blurred vision may appear or worsen . if possible , show them this leaflet and the medicine package . if you forget to take braftovi if you miss a dose of braftovi , take it as soon as you remember . however if the missed dose is more than 12 hours late , skip that dose and take your next dose at the usual time . then continue taking your capsules at regular times as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking braftovi it is important to take braftovi for as long as your doctor prescribes it . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended adult dose when you take zonisamide mylan on its own : - the starting dose is 100 mg taken once a day . - this may be increased by up to 100 mg at intervals of two weeks . - the recommended dose is 300 mg once a day . when you take zonisamide mylan with other antiepileptic medicines : - the starting dose is 50 mg daily taken in two equal doses of 25 mg . - this may be increased by up to 100 mg at intervals of one to two weeks . - the recommended daily dose is between 300 mg and 500 mg . - some people respond to lower doses . the dose may be increased more slowly if you experience side effects , are elderly or if you suffer from kidney or liver problems . use in children ( aged 6 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( aged 12 to 17 years ) weighing at least 20 kg : - the starting dose is 1 mg per kg of body weight taken once a day . - this may be increased by 1 mg per kg of body weight at intervals of one to two weeks . - the recommended daily dose is 6 to 8 mg per kg for a child with a body weight of up to 55 kg or 300 to 500 mg for a child with a body weight more than 55 kg ( which ever dose is lower ) taken once a day . example : a child who weighs 25 kg should take 25 mg once a day for the first week , and then increase the daily dose by 25 mg at the start of each week until a daily dose between 150 to 200 mg is reached . if you feel that the effect of zonisamide mylan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . - zonisamide mylan capsules must be swallowed whole with water . - do not chew the capsules . - zonisamide mylan can be taken once or twice daily , as instructed by your doctor . - if you take zonisamide mylan twice a day , take half the daily dose in the morning and half in the evening . if you take more zonisamide mylan than you should if you may have taken more zonisamide mylan than you should , tell a carer ( relative or friend ), your doctor or pharmacist immediately , or contact your nearest hospital casualty department , taking your medicine with you . you may become sleepy and could lose consciousness . you might also feel sick , have a sore stomach , muscle twitches , eye movement , feel faint , have a slowed heartbeat , and reduced breathing and kidney function . do not try to drive . if you forget to take zonisamide mylan - if you forget to take a dose , don ' t worry : take the next dose when it is due . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking zonisamide mylan - zonisamide mylan is meant to be taken as a long - term medicine . do not reduce your dose or stop your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . - if your doctor advises you to stop taking zonisamide mylan your dose will be reduced gradually to lower the risk of more seizures . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . keep your doctor informed of your condition and any symptoms before you use or are given ilaris ( see section 2 ). your doctor may decide to delay or interrupt your treatment , but only if necessary . ilaris is intended for subcutaneous use . this means that it is injected through a short needle into the fatty tissue just under the skin . if you have gouty arthritis , your treatment will be overseen by a doctor with specialist training . ilaris should be injected by a healthcare professional only . if you have caps , traps , hids / mkd , fmf or still ' s disease ( aosd or sjia ), you may inject yourself with ilaris after proper training , or a caregiver may inject it for you . how much ilaris to use cryopyrin - associated periodic syndromes ( caps ) the recommended starting dose of ilaris is : - adults and children aged 4 years or more 150 mg for patients who weigh more than 40 kg 2 mg / kg for patients who weigh between 15 kg and 40 kg 4 mg / kg for patients who weigh between 7 . 5 kg and less than 15 kg - children aged 2 or 3 years 4 mg / kg for patients with body weight of 7 . 5 kg or more ilaris is injected every 8 weeks as a single dose . if you have not responded well enough to the treatment after 7 days , your doctor may give you another dose of 150 mg or 2 mg / kg . if you respond well enough to the second dose , your treatment will be continued with 300 mg or 4 mg / kg every 8 weeks . if you do not respond well enough to the second dose , a third dose of ilaris at 300 mg or 4 mg / kg may be given . if you respond well enough to the third dose , your treatment will be continued at 600 mg or 8 mg / kg every 8 weeks . for children given a starting dose of 4 mg / kg who have not responded well enough after 7 days , the doctor may give a second dose of 4 mg / kg . if the child responds well enough to this , treatment may be continued with a dose of 8 mg / kg every 8 weeks . tumour necrosis factor receptor associated periodic syndrome ( traps ), hyperimmunoglobulin d syndrome ( hids )/ mevalonate kinase deficiency ( mkd ) and familial mediterranean fever ( fmf ) the recommended starting dose of ilaris is : - adults and children aged 2 years or more 150 mg for patients who weigh more than 40 kg 2 mg / kg for patients who weigh between 7 . 5 kg and less than 40 kg ilaris is injected every 4 weeks as a single dose . - if you have not responded well enough to the treatment after 7 days , your doctor may give you another dose of 150 mg or 2 mg / kg . - if you respond well enough to this , your treatment will be continued with 300 mg or 4 mg / kg every 4 weeks . still ' s disease ( sjia and aosd ) the recommended dose of ilaris for patients with still ' s disease with body weight of 7 . 5 kg and above is 4 mg / kg ( up to a maximum of 300 mg ). ilaris is injected every 4 weeks as a single dose . gouty arthritis your doctor will discuss with you the need to start or adjust a urate lowering therapy to lower the uric acid level in your blood . the recommended dose of ilaris for adult gouty arthritis patients is 150 mg given as a single dose at the time of a gouty arthritis attack . if you need another treatment with ilaris , and got relief from the last dose , you must wait at least 12 weeks before the next dose . injecting ilaris yourself or injecting a patient with ilaris if you are a patient with caps , traps , hids / mkd , fmf or still ' s disease ( aosd or sjia ), or a caregiver of a patient with one of these conditions , you may administer ilaris injections yourself after proper training in the correct injection technique . the patient or caregiver and the doctor should decide together who will administer the ilaris injections . the doctor or nurse will demonstrate how to administer ilaris injections . do not try to administer an injection yourself if you have not been properly trained or if you are not sure how to do it . ilaris 150 mg powder for solution for injection is supplied in a single - use vial for individual use . never re - use the leftover solution . for instructions on how to administer ilaris injections , please read the section " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . if you have any questions , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how long to use ilaris caps , traps , hids / mkd , fmf or still ' s disease ( aosd or sjia ): you should continue using ilaris for as long as the doctor tells you . gouty arthritis : if you have a gouty arthritis attack , you will be given a single dose of ilaris . if you experience a new attack , your doctor may consider giving you a new dose of ilaris but not earlier than 12 weeks from the previous dose . if you use more ilaris than you should if you accidentally inject more ilaris than the recommended dose , it is unlikely to be serious , but you should inform your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use ilaris if you have caps , traps , hids / mkd , fmf or still ' s disease ( aosd or sjia ) and have forgotten to inject a dose of ilaris , inject the next dose as soon as you remember . then talk to the doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . you should then continue with injections at the recommended intervals as before . if you stop using ilaris stopping your treatment with ilaris may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking ilaris unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your physician will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take aerius . if your allergic rhinitis is intermittent ( presence of symptoms for less than 4 days per week or for less than 4 weeks ), your physician will recommend you a treatment schedule that will depend on the evaluation of the history of your disease . if your allergic rhinitis is persistent ( presence of symptoms for 4 days or more per week and for more than 4 weeks ), your physician may recommend you a longer term treatment . for urticaria , the duration of treatment may be variable from patient to patient and therefore you should follow the instructions of your physician . if you take more aerius than you should take aerius only as it is prescribed for you . no serious problems are expected with accidental overdose . however , if you take more aerius than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take aerius if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible and then go back to your regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking aerius if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the doctor or nurse will administer the recommended dose of rotarix to your child . the vaccine ( 1 ml liquid ) will be given orally . under no circumstance should this vaccine be administered by injection . your child will receive two doses of the vaccine . each dose will be given on a separate occasion with an interval of at least 4 weeks between the two doses . the first dose may be given from the age of 6 weeks . the two doses of the vaccine must have been given by the age of 24 weeks , although they should preferably have been given before 16 weeks of age . rotarix may be given according to the same vaccination course to infants who were born prematurely , provided that the pregnancy had lasted at least 27 weeks . in case your child spits out or regurgitates most of the vaccine dose , a single replacement dose may be given at the same vaccination visit . when rotarix is given to your child for the first dose , it is recommended that your child also receives rotarix ( and not another rotavirus vaccine ) for the second dose . it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor or nurse regarding return visits . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice .
fabrazyme is given through a drip into a vein ( by intravenous infusion ). it is supplied as a powder which will be mixed with sterile water before it is given ( see information for health care professionals at the end of this leaflet ). always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . fabrazyme is only used under the supervision of a doctor who is knowledgeable in the treatment of fabry disease . your doctor may advise that you can be treated at home provided you meet certain criteria . please contact your doctor if you would like to be treated at home . the recommended dose of fabrazyme for adults is 1 mg / kg body weight , once every 2 weeks . no changes in dose are necessary for patients with kidney disease . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose of fabrazyme for children and adolescents 8 16 years is 1 mg / kg body weight , once every 2 weeks . no changes in dose are necessary for patients with kidney disease . if you use more fabrazyme than you should doses up to 3 mg / kg body weight have shown to be safe . if you forget to use fabrazyme if you have missed an infusion of fabrazyme , please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 microgram tablet once daily . you can take rizmoic with or without laxatives . you can take rizmoic at any time of the day , with food or between meals . however , once you start taking the medicine , take it at around the same time each day . there is no need to alter the dose of your opioid medicine before starting rizmoic . if you stop taking your opioid medicine you should stop taking rizmoic when you stop taking your opioid pain medicine . if you take more rizmoic than you should if you have taken more rizmoic than you should , talk to your doctor or go to the hospital . you will be monitored for opioid withdrawal symptoms ( see section 2 , under ' warnings and precautions ', and section 4 ). if you forget to take rizmoic if you miss a tablet of rizmoic , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose , and wait until it is time to take your next tablet . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking rizmoic stopping rizmoic while continuing to take your opioid medicine may cause the constipation to return . talk to your doctor if you stop taking rizmoic . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
spectrila is prepared and given by healthcare personnel . your doctor decides on the dose you receive . the dose depends on your body surface area ( bsa ) which is calculated from your height and weight . spectrila is given into a vein . it is usually given with other anti - cancer medicines . the duration of treatment depends on the specific chemotherapy protocol that is used to treat your disease . the recommended dose of spectrila for adults is 5 , 000 u per m² body surface area ( bsa ) given every third day . use in children and adolescents similarly to adults , the recommended dose in children and adolescents aged 1 18 years is 5 , 000 u per m² bsa given every third day . the recommended dose in infants aged 0 12 months is as follows : - age less than 6 months : 6 , 700 u / m² bsa , - age 6 12 months : 7 , 500 u / m² bsa , if you were given more spectrila than you should if you think that you received too much spectrila , tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . there is no known case of an overdose with asparaginase where patients showed any signs of an overdose . if necessary , your doctor will treat your symptoms and will give you supportive care . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the daily dose of ammonaps will be calculated from your protein tolerance , diet and body weight or body surface . you will need regular blood tests to determine the correct daily dose . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take . method of administration you should take ammonaps by mouth in equally divided doses with each meal ( for example three times per day ). you should take ammonaps with a large volume of water . ammonaps must be taken with a special diet reduced in protein . ammonaps tablets should not be given to children who are not able to swallow tablets . it is recommended that ammonaps granules are used instead . you will need to have treatment and to follow a diet throughout your life , unless you have a successful liver transplantation . if you take more ammonaps than you should patients who have taken very high doses of ammonaps experienced : - sleepiness , tiredness , light - headedness and less frequently confusion , - headache , - changes in taste ( taste disturbances ), - decrease in hearing , - disorientation , - impaired memory , - worsening of existing neurological conditions . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should immediately contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department for supportive treatment . if you forget to take ammonaps you should take a dose as soon as possible with your next meal . make sure that there are at least 3 hours between two doses . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . elebrato ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). how to use the inhaler see ' step - by - step instructions ' in this leaflet for full information . once the tray is opened elebrato ellipta is ready to use . if your symptoms do not improve if your copd symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or get worse , or if you are using your quick - acting inhaler more often : contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or have a headache . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta 35 don ' t inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : starting dose : 8 . 4 g patiromer ( the content of one 8 . 4 g sachet ) once daily maximum dose : 25 . 2 g patiromer ( the content of one 25 . 2 g sachet ) once daily your doctor may adjust the dose depending on the potassium level in your blood . take veltassa at least 3 hours before or after other medicines taken by mouth unless your doctor or pharmacist gives you different advice . method of administration mix veltassa with water and stir until it is thoroughly mixed , as follows : prepare about 40 ml ( 3 tablespoons ) of water in a glass . add the required number of veltassa sachets and stir . add about 40 ml ( 3 tablespoons ) of additional water and stir thoroughly . the powder does not dissolve but forms a suspension , which might feel grainy . you may add more water to the mixture to help you swallow the medicine . drink the mixture within 1 hour after preparation . if powder remains in the glass after drinking , add more water , stir and drink immediately . you may need to do this again to make sure that you have taken all the powder . you can use apple juice or cranberry juice instead of water . other liquids cannot be used as they may contain high amounts of potassium . you should drink only moderate amounts ( less than 400 ml per day ) of cranberry juice as it can affect other medicines . take the prepared veltassa suspension with or without food , preferably at the same time each day . never heat veltassa or add it to heated foods or liquids . do not take veltassa as a dry powder . if you take more veltassa than you should stop taking veltassa and talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take veltassa if you have missed a dose , take it as soon as possible on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss more than one dose , contact your doctor . if you stop taking veltassa do not stop taking the medicine without your doctor ' s approval , as your potassium blood level may increase .
