pramipexole hra is a medicine that contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate the dopingamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopepin receptors triggers nerve impulses inside the brain that help to control body movements . prampel is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ’ s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa or alone if treatment of a condition such as a childbearing age .
lenvima contains the active substance lenvatinib . it is a medicine used to treat adult patients with thyroid cancer if previous therapy did not work well enough or was not tolerated . this medicine can be used in combination with other medicines with similar symptoms ( radioactive iodine treatment ) in adult patients who have a specific type of liver cancer called advanced hepatocellular carcinoma or liver cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour or to other organs ( advanced liver cancer ). it is used when the disease has spread to other parts of the body , or if surgery is not the best option , has not helped to cut off the blood supply .
the active substance in bortezomib celgene is a protein called a “ monoclonal antibody ”. this means that it attaches to a specific target substance in the body , called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor alfa1a ), in the form of tiny particles known as slamf7 . spheroids are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells , and can be affected by factors such as : generelated multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients 18 years and older : alone or together with the medicines pegylated liposomal doxorubicin or dexamethasone , or both if prior to highdose chemotherapy , a blood stem cell transplantation was not successful or is unsuitable . in patients
what cetrotide kioská d . v contains the active substance cetroteide , which is a recombinant luteinising hormone ( rhct ) used in adult women to help release the hormone from the ovary ( ovulation induction ). cerotide has been shown to reduce the activity of the female hormone releasing in the body . this helps the body to release more natural hormones ( such as testosterone ) into the blood stream . the medicine can be used in women undergoing assisted reproductive technology procedures , including ordering a sample of your own sperm . you will be given this medicine when the treatment is most appropriate : for example , if your doctor decides that cetide works : cetide blocks the action of a naturally occurring hormone , such as releasing the hormone into your ovaries . in this
idflu is a vaccine used to protect you from getting ebola virus disease in the future . it will be given to people aged 1 year and older who may possibly come into contact with a h1n1 / 0 . 00 % ointment of a person who is vaccinated with zebravac , the body ’ s natural defence system ( immune system ) will produce its own protection in the form of antibodies against the filovirus . this vaccine will not protect you against the other types of filo virus disease . the vaccine contains a type of filozovirus called ebravir . because it contains the most commonly occurring type of nebravirus , zabdeno vaccine may be administered to individuals who are more likely to come back after around 8 weeks later . however , some people may still come back for 
herceptin contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclones are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique proteins called antigens . transmembrane tyrosine kinase ( ttk ), cytokine 2 and / or pdgfr ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . tetanus is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ) receptor 2 . hercept in this way , the antigen is found in large amounts on the surface of breast and gastric cancer . it is thought to work by binding to t / s , and blocking its action . once attached to the tumour , sheceptin can be used either alone or in combination with medicines
sprycel contains the active substance dasatinib . it is used to treat adults with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cml ). cml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . ml is used in adults , adolescents and children with cml and in children and adolescents ( 2 years of age and older ). it is given to treat cml as a separate treatment for adults .
Rivastigmine 1 . What is Exelon and what it is used for What Exelanon is Rivalstigmine 2 belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . In patients with Alzheimer ’s dementia or dementia due to Parkinson ’ s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). Rivaztigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetic acid : acetalcholine is an essential substance which is important for the brain to function normally . An enzyme called ButyrylcholineSterase is involved in the process of learning and memory . It is used to treat Alzheimer ” s Disease in adults , and in dementia in adult patients with dementia . How Exe
yondelis contains the active substance trabectedin which belongs to a group of medicines called cytotoxics . it is used to treat adults with soft tissue sarcoma . soft tissue sircoma is a malignant disease of the soft tissues , the muscles and the vessels . in this disease , a medicine called pegylated liposomal doxorubicin is used . for the treatment of ovarian cancer , you will also be given other medicines to treat it .
zerbaxa is used to treat bacterial infections . it contains the active substance ceftolozane , which is an antibiotic that works by stopping the growth of bacteria that cause the infection . tazobactam belongs to a group of medicines called betalactamases . ceftam is similar to the antibiotic found in your blood . your doctor will test you for these conditions before you start taking it . you will be given other medicines to help with your bacteria . this medicine is for the treatment of adults who have previously been treated with another antibiotic ( tezbactAM ) which has not worked well enough . however , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . these may be medicines that you need to keep following the advice about zbaxxa . what is zerbasa used for ? your doctor has prescribed 
elonva contains the active substance corifollitropin alfa , which is similar to a natural hormone produced by your body . follicles are tiny white blood cells that form the backbone of your ovaries . by attaching to the natural hormones , they help your body to produce the best hormones for you to help your baby . this medicine is used in the treatment of your infertility , in women undergoing assisted reproduction treatment , or for women whose fertility is not controlled by any other treatment . in men , a treatment is usually started in combination with a course of infertile treatment called in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ) and / or fusion fertilisation if you have an increased risk of getting pregnant , because you cannot ovulate the ovary or uterus , but may develop several f
ristaben contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase4 inhibiters ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type2 diabetes . it is used in addition to diet and exercise , and can be used alone or in combination with certain other medicines ( insulin , metformin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ), which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . what are the benefits of using this medicine 
lantus contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin . antus is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes meillitus is  a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . insulin glenx has a long and steady bloodsugarlowering action .
siklos is used to treat painful crises in the chest , including chest pain due to sickle cell disease , a blood disorder involving large numbers of disc shaped red cells with sickle shape . this disorder is caused by an imbalance of the number of sickle cells in the blood . patients with this disorder may also get stuck in blood vessels causing severe pain . these acute pain crises can also cause organ damage . siklose contains the active substance hydroxycarbamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antisense oligonucleotides . it works by enabling the body to produce more of the blood cells that are needed for daily tasks such as driving a car , playing sports , reading and recognising faces . having a clear , colourless and sterile medicine , it reduces the risk of suffering from severe pain and organ damage
vedrop is a medicine that contains the active substance tocofersolan . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . vitamin e is required for the absorption of fat from food , and for the treatment of malabsorption in adult patients with cholestasis , a rare hereditary or congenital disease of the liver and intestine .
gilenya contains the active substance fingolimod , which belongs to a group of medicines called sphingosine1phosphate ( s1p ) receptor antagonists . gillenyya is used to treat relapsingremitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . Ms is a longterm disease that affects the central nervous system ( cns ), particularly the functioning of the brain and spinal cord . inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the mns and stops them from working properly . this causes a buildup of the protective layer ( called demyelinability ). md is caused by a phenomenon called relapses affecting the nervous system .
symtuza is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection by the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv1 ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is a booster ( a type of pharmacokinetic enhancer ) of the effects of the enzyme , darunavir emtricitabine , a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ) and tenofovir alafenamide , an antiviral product that is designed to work by interfering with the normal working of a protein called cd4 or tcells . in this way , the medicine helps control hiv infection .
mepact contains the active substance cysteamine ( also known as mercaptamine ). it is used to treat nephropathic cystinosis in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . cystinoses is a disease in which the body is unable to eliminate waste products , which accumulates in the kidney , eye , muscle , pancreas , brain and kidney . this results in kidney damage , increased levels of glucose ( glucose ), protein , and other electrolytes . me dic ina l p rod uc t n o l on ge r a uth ori se d 28
opdivo is used to treat advanced melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults who have had a resection or have had other surgery . it is used in combination with other adjuvant therapies to treat adults with advanced nonsmall cell lung cancer , advanced renal cell carcinoma or advanced classical hodgkin lymphoma when at least one other therapy has been tried but has not worked or has not helped stop the disease . you have been given an autologous stem cell transplant ( transplant ), which removes the cancer cells from your head and neck .
the active ingredient in reyataz is protease inhibitors . these medicines control human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection by stopping a protein that the hiv needs for its multiplication . they work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body and this in turn , strengthens your immune system . in this way , it reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you the best course of action for you . if you have hiv for the first time , please contact your doctor for more information about this medicine .
pioglitazone actavis contains piogazone . it is an antidiabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( noninsulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . piontazone actingavis helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor may decide to treat you : on its own in patients who are unable to take metform in a group of medicines called sulphonylurea ( insulin ) which lowers blood sugar , and may be added to other therapies for treatment with diet and exercise , if the treatment is not sufficient .
leflunomide ratiopharm belongs to a group of medicines called antirheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance le flunomide plenadren which is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active paediatric psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of raumaTOiD arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anemia ( lack of red blood cells ) in adults , adolescents , and children aged 3 years and older . the symptoms of active psieatic arthritis vary from patient to patient , but usually include inflammation .
deltyba contains the active substance delamanid , an antibiotic of the class called antibiotics . it is a medicine that is given together with two other antibiotics ( linezolid and bedaquiline ) to treat tuberculosis in the lungs . delamyba is used with antibiotics to prevent the disease from progressing .
Emselex is a medicine used to treat an overactive bladder in adults . It works by reducing the activity of the bladder in response to a medical condition called urge incontinence .
combivir is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and in children weighing at least 25 kg . combivir contains lamivudine and zidovudinne . these belong to a group of antiretroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). combivir does not completely cure hiv infection ; it reduces the amount of virus in your body , and keeps it at a low level . it also increases the cd4 cell count in your blood .  Cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with combivir in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . 41
saxenda is a weight loss medicine containing the active substance liraglutide . it works by reducing the amount of fat you have and the type of food you have eaten during your meal . the medicine is used for weight loss in adults who are overweight or have a high level of a condition called ‘ metabolic syndrome ’ ( bmi ). people with this condition may also feel less than or may not feel better after they have had a meal and are less likely to feel fuller . a reduction in the amount and type of fat that you have , such as : a ) abnormal levels of fats , breathing problems and sleep apnoea ( cd4 + glt ) a higher level of your body mass index ( a measure of your weight in relation to your height ). if you are overweight you may already be
Mepsevii contains the active substance vestronidase alfa . It is used to treat patients with mucopolysaccharidosis VII , a Sly Syndrome , in which the body ’ s immune system attacks and destroys the protective sheath around the bones , cartilage and skin and tendons . The active substance in MEPSEVI is called beta – glucuronidasE . This medicine works by reducing the amount of damage to the body by blocking the enzyme , which helps to protect your body from attacks . Furthermore , it reduces the harmful effects of the disease , including walking difficulties , tiredness and permanent damage .
miglustat dipharma is a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called glucosylceramides . these medicines work by reducing the amount of a chemical called lysosomal in the body . in patients with type 1 gaucher disease , a substance called glycosaminoglycan is missing or does not work properly . it works by preventing the enzymes that make up the difference in blood . the difference can occur in several different ways , including via the liver and spleen . changes in the blood can cause some of the symptoms you have . for example if you have ever had a medical condition known as enzyme replacement therapy , it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with the medicine . do not take a patient whose disease has progressed after you have
the active substance in trecondi is treosulfan , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . teosULfan is used to prepare patients for bone marrow transplantation . it is used in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age for a reduction in the risk of severe haematopoietic stem cell transplantation ( hct ). t e . is used : to prevent the development of new bone cells , developed in patients with newly diagnosed noncancerous disorders , in adults and children aged 3 years and above .
is used for what onbrez breezhaler is indacaterol which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . when you inhale it , it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the small air passages in the lungs . this helps open up the airways , making it easier to get air in and out . it also helps to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to : a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airway tighten . that makes breathing difficult . the medicine tightens these muscles at the front part of the gullet so that it opens up more airways and makes it easier for air to get in andout . what is aprovel used for ? provel has been shown to improve the ability to control breathing
how does nemdatine work the active substance is memantine hydrochloride . nemdigatine belongs to a group of medicines known as antidementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ’ s disease is due to an alteration of the signalling signal in the brain . the brain contains socalled nmethyldaspartate ( nmda ) receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . what nem digatine is used for nemlog is used to treat patients with moderately to severely ill patients with mild to moderately severe alzzuer . it is used if your patient has a problem with the transmission of nerve signals and this is the first medicine you take for your doctor .
talmanco contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your lungs . this helps to lower your blood pressure in the lungs and helps to keep it at a normal level . as a result , it helps to improve the flow of blood through your blood vessels and lungs into your blood . talmadonna is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from 1 year of age and older who have high blood pressure within their blood vessels ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ). the medicine is for use in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
depocyte contains the active substance esketamine . it belongs to a group of medicines called antidepressants . you have been given this medicine to treat your depression . depression is a condition in which you may feel sad , anxious or worthless . sleeping difficulties are caused by a change in appetite , a loss of interest in favourite activities , or a feeling of being slowed down . your doctor will talk with you about your treatment .
pioglitazone krka contains two different active substances : alogliptin and piontazone in one tablet . aLOGliptIN belongs to a group of medicines called dpp4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase4 inhibitor s ). a logliptun helps to increase the levels of insulin in the body after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar in the blood . pionyl pegvis is used in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also called noninsulindependent diabetes mellitus or niddm . both types of diabetes can be controlled with diet and exercise alone , and with certain other oral antidiabetic medicines , including pionglit azone and metformin . depending on the type of sugar that you have , your doctor may
The active substance in Aripiprazole Sandoz belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . It is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 15 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . People with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . Aripripi Prazole Sandy Beach is used for the treatment of adult patients aged 13 years and over who have a condition with symptoms including feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . In adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with AripIprazol
efient is a medicine used for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia a ( inherited or congenital factor ix deficiency ) christmas disease . the medicine contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor x , which is involved in blood clotting . factor viii is an essential substance found in the blood that helps to clot it . in patients of all ages who are able to pass through the bleed , the ability to pass on the blood and reduce the risk of bleeding . fexeric is used when there is an increase in the number of white blood cells left in the body . as a result of this , it can be very dangerous as it can cut off the blood supply that the blood can bleed very quickly and with difficulty if a bleed is imminent . hae
karvea contains the active substance angiotensinii and it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in the kidney . this medicine works by increasing the blood vessels around your body , which helps to control your blood pressure . it also increases urine output to normal levels , indicating an improvement in your kidney function . karvaa is used to treat adult patients with high bloodpressure ( essential hypertension ) who are also at high risk for developing kidney disease , or who have been treated with other medicines for diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which the blood pressure is not controlled enough with diet and exercise . the medicine works in a very similar way to insulin and / or a lowering in urine output . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
7 . instructions for use 1 . what stelara is and what it is used for the active substance in stellara , a monoclonal antibody , is a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a target substance in the body called pcsk9 . pk9 is found on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their immune system to attack and destroy them . how stelsara works steleara belongs to the class of inflammatory diseases called crohn ’ s disease and ulcerative colitis . it treats the signs and symptoms of a certain type of bowel , as well as clogging up the lining of your intestine . the medicine works by blocking the activity of an antiinflammatory substance called tyrosine kinase and thus reduces the symptoms of the disease . using 
what novothirteen contains the active substance is teriparatide . the other ingredients are glacial acetic acid ( gcs ), sodium acetate ( anhydrous ), mannitol , metacresol , hydrochloric acid ( for example sodium hydroxide ), and water for injections . what NOVOThirteen looks like and contents of the pack NOVOTEX is presented as a solution for solution for injection . it comes in a vial and is a multipack of 5 packs of 1 x 10 ml vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed . marketing authorisation holder and manufacturer novo nordisk a / s , novo allé , dk2880 bagsvrd , denmark manufacturer the manufacturer can be identified by the batch number printed on the slip
rasburicase is a medicine used to treat disorders of the blood cells . it belongs to a group of medicines called ‘ haematological diseases ’. it is used when treatment with chemotherapy is not enough to stop the growth of cancer cells in your body or kidneys . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
obizur is a medicine that helps to form clots in patients with haemophilia a ( fviii ) blood clotting factor ( a recombinant coagulation factor ) and is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients of all ages with a rare bleeding disorder , due to lack of factor viii activity and a neutralizing effect . factors xviii and xii are proteins produced naturally in the body and play an important role in preventing bleeding .
nexavar is used to treat adult patients with a type of liver cancer called hepatocellular carcinoma . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , please ask your doctor . how NEXAvar works in the same way as your natural thyroid cancer . it is used in combination with another medicine containing a substance called cyclindependent kinase ( cdk ) inhibitor .
glibenclamide agrp is a medicine that contains the active substance amglidia . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes , also known as neonatal diabetes mellitus , when previous therapy did not work well enough or was not tolerated . this medicine can be used alone or together with certain other medicines , such as insulin , sulphonylureas , or alone . all 24 white filmcoated tablets are active tablets that contain a small amount of sugar in them . they work by converting sugar in the body , which helps to lower blood sugar levels . these can be caused by genetic mutations that affect how the body works . the switch on the glpda is used : to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal , and continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to
1 . what ioflupane cipla is and what it is used for the active substance in idelifane , is a radiopharmaceutical precursor used to treat the brain in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it belongs to a group of medicines called “ neurokinin 1 ( nk1 ) receptor antagonists ”. this medicine works by blocking a protein in the body called parkinsonism ( also called parkinson ’ s disease ) and dementia associated with the brain . by blocking this protein , egfr is removed from the body by xray and is used to reduce the amount of radioactivity that is detected in your body .
xultophy contains the active substance liraglutide . it belongs to a group of medicines called oral glucose lowering medicines . this medicine helps to control blood sugar ( glucose ) throughout the day . if you have type 2 diabetes mellitus , your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood . insulin degludec is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . your doctor will prescribe this medicine if your blood sugar is not properly controlled by diet and exercise alone , and you can ’ t take other oral medicines ( oral medicines that are used to control diabetes ) such as metformin and pioglitazone .
caspofungin medac contains the active substance caspifungin which belongs to a group of medicines called antifungals . caspofelin meditac is used to treat the following infections in children , adolescents and adults : serious fungal infections in your tissues or organs ( called ‘ invasive candidiasis ’). this infection is caused by fungal ( yeast ) cells called candida . people who might get this type of infection include those who have just had an operation and those whose immune systems are weak . fever and chills that do not respond to an antibiotic are the most common signs of this kind of infection . fungal attacks in your nose , nasal sinuses or lungs .
busulfan contains the active substance cyclophosphamide , fludarabine and melphalan . it is used to prepare a transplant of either bone marrow or haematopoietic progenitor cell , in adults , newborn infants , children and adolescents weighing at least 25 kg . the maximum strength of the medicine is 70 kg ; the rest is reserved for transplantation . busesulfan is supplied in blister packs containing 50 ml or a multipack of five packs of either : a ) transplantation in adults and children , adolescents , and children 3 years of age and older , for a second medicine containing a single tablet containing 40 iu , 50 % of the circulating blood ; a further 5 packs of cyclone or fludaramide . b ) busul
kinzalkomb contains two active substances , telmisartan and hydrochlorothiazide in one tablet . both of these substances help to control high blood pressure . telmesartan belongs to a group of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiostensinii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow thus increasing your blood pressure. témisarvon blocks the effect of angioTENsin Ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your bloodpressure is lowered . hydrochlo thiazone diuretics do not lower your urine output , which can cause a lowering of your dna . as a result of all three mechanisms , the blood pressure increases in the bloodstream and you may have a higher risk of developing a condition known as
vectibix is a medicine used to treat colorectal cancer ( cancer of the bowel ) in adults . it contains the active substance panitumumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called ‘ monoclonal antibodies ’. it recognises and attaches to amyloid proteins , which are found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . when this happens , the cancer cells grow and divide , and become clogged with thick , so that it sticks to the tumour . VECTibix works by attaching to ‘ the protein ’, which stops the cancer cell from growing . this helps control the growth and spread of the cancer . the antibody in this medicine is designed to recognise and attach to the cleft palate of patients who have recently been treated with other anticancer medicines . once attached to panit
integrilin accord is an inhibitor of platelet aggregation . this means that it helps to prevent blood clots from forming . it is used in adults with manifestation of severe coronary insufficiency defined as spontaneous and recent chest pain with electrocardiographic abnormalities or biological changes . in this case your doctor will prescribe aspirin and unfractionated heparin .
crisaborole hikma is a medicine used to treat adults with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . if you have been previously treated for treating atop eczema and have shown responsiveness to other skin agents , your skin may now be damaged and has a higher risk of skin inflammation , such as redness , itchiness , dryness and thickening of the body . the active substance in crisigma lays on the surface of your skin . it blocks the effect of this disease on the immune system .
apixaban medac contains the active substance apijaban and belongs to a group of medicines called anticoagulants . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming by blocking factor xa , which is an important component of blood coagulation . apixxaban is used in adults to : prevent deep vein thrombosis ( dvt ) during hip or knee replacement operations . in adults , a lot of pressure can be applied to the surface of your leg veins and so prevents or prevents bleeding . these pressure can cause pain in the legs .
alecensa is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance alectinib . alecencesa works by blocking the action of a protein called ‘ egfr ’ ( epidermal growth factor receptor ) in the body . this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . it is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ‘ nonsmall cell lung cancer ’. this type of cancer can be caused by certain factors ( mutations in the ‘ gene ’ gene ) that has spread to other parts of the body such as :  you have already been treated with another treatment for your own lung cancer or if your disease has not responded to treatment with another medicine called ‘ coronabine ’ or ‘ tyrosine kinase ’, or in patients who have been previously treated with other treatments such as ‘ cri
ecansya belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , the active substance of this medicine , is considered to be the most effective anticancer medicine ever . it is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . advanced cancers of the colon ( colon cancer ) require complete removal of the tumour , preventing further surgery .
viread contains the active substance tenofovir disoproxil . it is used to treat hiv ( hbv ) infection by reducing the amount of a protein called hepatitis b , which is an antiretroviral or antiviral medicine . ten ofovir is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ) and complies with a protocol that does not work in hiv . this means that the virus does not reproduce itself , and the virus is not infectious and you cannot take other hiv medicines . viread is not a cure for hiv infection . you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective contraindicated by the use of other medicines that are not affected by the virus . your doctor will discuss with you which combination
teysuno contains the active substances metformin , saxagliptin and dapagliflozin . each belongs to a group of medicines called “ oral antidiabetics ”. these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . what sulphonylurea is used for this medicine is used : on its own if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this medicine works by letting the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . you should continue with your diet and exercise plan as agreed with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who are already taking other oral diabetes medicines ( insulin ). to treat diabetes
graftversushost disease : aeterna kabi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor xiii , a copy of a gene called egfr [ epidermal growth factor receptor ]) and is used in adults , adolescents and children , to prevent damage to and haemotological malignancies ( invasive haematopoietic cell transplantation ). abizen is used to prevent patients whose bone marrow has stopped working properly . ibizen is intended for use in adults and children who have already had treatment for a treatment including haemostasis and who have not had previous treatment and who are not able to have relapsed or unsuitable for transplantations . abeleza is also used to improve the ability of the donor to produce new white blood cells .
clopidogrel krka contains the active ingredient ,  Clopidogral . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumpeding , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of Blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), causing atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). your doctor will carefully consider all available medicines , including thrombi , in order for your blood to form a suitable solution for you .  you have been advised to accept the offer to help you reduce the risk of these severe events because : you have a condition of hardening of your arteries ( also known as atherosclerotic events 
ticagrelor belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicines . it is used to treat bleeding and clumping in certain blood vessels ( including the heart and brain ). it works by blocking the activity of a protein called thrombolytic factor ii , which is involved in preventing a blood clot forming in the blood vessels of important organs , such as heart attack , myocardial infarction or stroke . you have been given this medicine to help stop your blood vessels from dividing . this protein , in turn , helps to reduce the risk of serious events like heart attack and stroke which may have caused your chest pain . possia is used in adults to treat this condition , also known as a ‘ peripheral arterial hypertension ’ ( ph ).
invanz contains the active substance ertapenem . this belongs to a group of medicines called an antibiotic . it works by killing different types of bacteria ( germs ) that cause infections in various parts of the body . invanza is used to treat adults for the following infections : complicated infection of the abdomen ( pulmonary infection ) or the lungs ( pneumonia ). complicated gynaecological infections ( including skin infections ) in the foot , diabetic , or surgical site infections . complicated incisions of the colon or rectum .
hetlioz contains the active substance tasimelteon . this belongs to a group of medicines called “ melatonin agonists ”. this medicine is used to treat a sleepwake disorder in adults , in which the blind can not see light or where it is not working properly . it works by preventing the body from releasing its own light , causing a change in light levels in the blood . the medicine helps to prevent this happening . if you are awake and do not feel better after a meal , your body rhythms may not work properly , and this may lead to symptoms such as feeling sleepy , having an inability to sleep , or having to sleep at night . using HETLIOZ you may be experiencing a reduction in the amount of light that is produced by the body , which may help to prevent you from
7 . instructions for use 1 . what mycophenolate mofetil teva is and what it is used for the active substance in this medicine is called mycotphenolate mef . this active substance is a recombinant coagulation factor ( i . e . ciclosporin and corticosteroids ). these substances work in different ways to relax the body ’ s immune system , reducing the production of waste products . these medicines are used to lower the levels of alcohol in the blood .
qutenza contains capaicin . it belongs to a group of medicines that affect the nerves . pain is caused by the pain signals to the skin . qu Tenza is used to treat shingles ( hiv infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . the pain can last for up to 3 weeks .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney ), heart , or other organ , your body ’ s immune system will try to reject the new organ . tacforisus is used to control your immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ if it is suitable for your condition . you may also feel that your body does not respond normally to any other treatment you may be considering . this medicine is used in adults . adults who are not considered suitable for transplantation , but whose condition is not suitable for you .
the vaccine is an oral vaccine against cholera that stimulates the immunological defence in the gut . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria causing diarrhoea .
sycrest contains the active substance ravulizumab . this medicine is used to treat patients with paroxysmal nocturnal haemoglobinuria ( pnh ) who are overactive and may have low blood counts , but may still be present at high levels in patients with a condition known as anaemia ( chronic fatigue , difficulty in functioning and pain ). other symptoms that affect the entire body include : abdominal pain , dark urine , shortness of breath , and difficulty swallowing . erectile dysfunction is caused by too many blood clots in the kidneys , which reduces the number of platelets in the blood and decreases the ability to carry out daily activities .
tecentriq contains the active substance atezolizumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . this protein is designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body called pdl1 . pdigl1 is found in large amounts on some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when tyrosine kinase is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells , it stops the growth of these cells and stops the cancer cells from growing and dividing . by attaching to , and blocking its action , tecenttriq stops the formation of these proteins and this allows them to be seen by patients who have bladder cancer ( urothelial carcinoma ) and nonsmall cell lung cancer ( breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ). tec Entriq is used in breast cancer when at least one other therapy has
vernakalant hydrochloride hra is a medicine that contains a fast heart beat . it works by reducing the activity of a natural substance in the body called calcitonin generelated peptide ( cgrp ). this natural substance is involved in the normal heartbeat of the heart , and can be used for : treatment of an irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) in patients undergoing non - surgery ( post -cardiac surgery ).
imfinzi is a medicine used for the treatment of adults with advanced stages of a form of lung cancer called nonsmall cell lung cancer ( nsclc ). if you have a raised level of certain cancer cells , your doctor may decide to treat you with a type of loner whose disease has not responded to surgery or radiotherapy . the medicine contains the active substance durvalumab , a monoclonal antibody . how imFinzi works imfINzi works by blocking a protein called pdl4 . this protein helps to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
tresiba is a longacting basal insulin ( insulin degludec ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above with diabetes mellitus . tresibona helps to reduce the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether tegfr is working and if it is within the normal range of his or hereditar , you may be receiving other medicines called oral antidiabetic medicines , if these have not proved sufficiently effective to control your diabetes melitus and need to improve the levels of insulin in the blood when : you have diabetes by increasing the amount of insulin available to you , and you can ’ t take other , injectable antsidiabetics ( such as insulin 
daurismo is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance glasdegib . daurism0 is used to treat a type of cancer called advanced myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by the hedgehog . people who have cancer also have another medicine called cytarabine . this medicine works by blocking the action of a protein called vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ). blocking this protein can slow down the growth of the cancer cell death .
kymriah is a medicine used to treat acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( a cancer of white blood cells ) in adults and children over the age of 25 years . this cancer is caused by a shortage of a protein called b lymphocyte growth factor receptor ( bclr ). bcell lymphoma ( dlbcr ) is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and in some cases , cancer cells ( named lymphocytes ) start growing out of control thus preventing the growth of the lymph nodes . in this disease , the virus multiplys too quickly and live for too long , so that there are too many of these cells in the blood . clymne works by helping the body to fight cancer cells .
used for duaklir genuair contains two active substances , aclidinium and formoterol fumarate dihydrate . both belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . when you inhale this medicine , it relaxes the muscles in your lungs . this helps open up the airways , making it easier to get air in and out . it also helps to slow down the shortness of breath in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to their lung disease , or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). both active substances are used to treat a certain form of copd in adults . the medicine has been shown to decrease the number of flareups ( puffiness ) and to improve exercise capacity , which also improves the ability to carry out physical activity .
fabry contains agalsidase alfa , a recombinant soluble protein that is similar to the human enzyme galactosida . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 7 years and older to treat a certain form of Fabry disease called enzyme replacement therapy . this medicine works by reducing the amount of glycogen in your body and this in turn , reduces the symptoms of the disease . fabrie disease is a longterm condition characterised by symptoms such as pain , and a placebo ( a small amount of sugar in the ventricle mass ). the medicine can be used as a treatment to prevent the disease is becoming stable .
Deferasirox contains an active substance called deferasirox . It is an iron chelator which is a medicine used to remove the excess iron from the body ( also called iron overload ). It traps and removes excess iron which is then excreted mainly in the stools . Deférasirox is used in adults to reduce the risk of iron overload caused by blood transfusions in patients with various types of anaemia ( for example thalassaemia , sickle cell disease or myelodysplastic syndromes ( MDS )). In patients with MDS there may be a buildup of excess iron . This is because blood contains iron and your body does not have a natural way to remove it . However , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . If you have any questions about these medicines , please ask
the name of your medicine is repaglinide teva . it is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repplinide which helps your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your panceras does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . republinide has been shown to lower the blood sugar , which is too high due to the diabetes . you can control your diabetes with diet and exercise , if diet , exercise and weight reduction alone have not been able to control ( or lower ), and to prevent further complications .
this medicine contains the active substance gadoversetamide . this medicine is used for magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) purposes only . when a medical device is injected , it obtains images of the internal organs . during the scan , a radiopharmaceutical specialist performs a type of scan called a scan . these images show the abnormalities of the brain , spine and liver . the doctor then determines that the scan will be of the diagnostic significance of the test . you will be given the medicine in combination with other medicines .
trizivir mylan is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and in children 6 years of age and older . the active ingredients in triziVir include abacavir , lamivudine and zidovudinne . these belong to a group of antiretroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). not everyone responds to an ill-health care worker with hiv infection , but they all contribute to an increase in cd4 cells , a type of white blood cell that are important in helping the virus to multiply . trizivi has been shown to reduce the amount of virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing a serious disease .
avonex is a medicine that contains the active substance interferon beta1a . this medicine helps to protect your child from infections and severe diseases . your doctor may decide to give you this medicine to help prevent the diseases you have . it may be given to adults if the treatment is not well enough or has failed to work well enough . if you have multiple sclerosis ( ms ) then you may not be able to take any other medicine without it . you have to talk to a doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor if vous do not feel better or if it is safe to do so .
comtan contains the active substance entacapone and is used together with levodopa to treat parkinson ’ s disease . if you have any questions about your treatment or your condition , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . 1 . what COMtan is and what it is used for COMTAN is used in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 2 years and above ) before starting treatment with COMTAN . you have been given this medicine by your doctor to help control the progression of your parkinsons disease and to reduce the amount of alcohol you have .
clopidogrel krka contains the active ingredient ,  Clopidogral . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumpeding , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of Blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), causing atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). your doctor will carefully consider all available medicines , including thrombi , in order for your blood to form a suitable solution for you .  you have been advised to accept the offer to help you reduce the risk of these severe events because : you have a condition of hardening of your arteries ( also known as atherosclerotic events 
exforge hct tablets contain three substances called amlodipine , valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide . all of these substances help to control high blood pressure . amlokidipine belongs to a group of substances called “ calcium channel blockers ”. angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which causes the blood vessels to tighten , thus increasing bloodpressure . valsesar tablets act on the same day as the drugs themselves ; it helps to stop the pressure in the blood from tightening the blood vessel wall , and thereby lowers the blood pressure further than if either was given alone ; or it can be used on its own in patients whose blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . as a result of all three substances , exforgillos , also known as thia
the active substance in abemaciclib is an anticancer medicine . it works by blocking proteins called cyclindependent kinase 4 and 6 , which regulate cell growth and division . blocking these proteins can slow down growth and spread of cancer cells and delay the progression of your cancer . fulvestrant is used to treat patients with advanced cancer of the breast ( hormone receptorpositive , human epidermal growth factor receptor 2negative ) who have certain changes ( mutations ) in a gene called braf , and who have not been previously treated with other hormonal therapies including aromatases inhibitors or hormones that have not helped to stop your cancer growing .
talzenna contains the active substance talazoparib . this belongs to a group of medicines called “ anticancer medicines ”. these medicines work by blocking the action of proteins called receptor tyrosine kinases ( rtks ), which are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . by blocking these proteins , they reduce the size of the cancer cells and help them to grow . tal Zenna is used to treat adult patients with : hormone receptorpositive advanced breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread outside the body ). it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult women with a certain type of cancer called “ brca ”. brca is a protein that is found in large amounts in the blood that is important in controlling cancer cell growth . the brca gene is abnormally modified to : the brca gene causes the cancer
trepulmix contains the active substance treprostinil which belongs to a group of medicines called thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( cteph ). tepulmix is used to treat longterm ( chronic ) high blood pressure in adult patients whose blood pressure is too high . it is used when the blood vessels ( including the heart and lungs ) are not pumping blood through the holes in the chest . this causes symptoms such as shortness of breath , dizziness , tiredness ), palpitations , an abnormal heartbeat , dry cough , chest pain , and a sudden onset of symptoms ( i . e ., not enough blood can get into the blood ).
inovelon contains the active substance rufinamide . it belongs to a group of medicines called antiepileptics and is used to treat epilepsy , a condition where someone has repeated seizures or fits . inoVELON is used : to treat seizures in adults with newly diagnosed lennoxgastaut syndrome . this is a syndrome in which a person has repeated fits ( seizures ). to treat these fits , inoveon helps to stop your seizures from occurring .
mometasone furoate . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open up the airways , making it easier to get air in and out . mometesonefuroate belongs to the group of medications called corticosteroids , often simply called steroids . corticoids reduce the swelling , irritation and inflammation in your lungs and makes it easier for you to breathe . these medicines also help to prevent attacks of asthma in adults . bemrist is indicated for use with certain types of asthma . asthma is a serious , longterm lung disease where the muscles surrounding your airways become tight , dirty , or damaged . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you
xiapex is used to treat angina pectoris ( chest pain and discomfort in your body ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in addition to standard treatment in adults to treat a condition called “ angina ” in the chest ( abdomen ). you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better orif you feel worse .
rinvoq contains the active substance upadacitinib . it belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . these medicines reduce the activity of the body ’ s immune system , causing the inflammation of joints . raumatoid arthritis rheumatopus is a disease in which the body produces too much of a chemical called cortisol . too many of these chemicals can cause symptoms such as pain , stiffness and swelling in your joints , tiredness , and damage to the bone and cartilage .
twinrix airexar spiromax contains two medicines , salmeterol and fluticasone propionate : salmetreol is a longacting bronchodilator . bronchilators help the airways in the lungs to stay open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out . the effects last for at least 12 hours . fluticasesone propite is accompanied by a corticosteroid which reduces swelling and irritation in your lungs . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for the treatment of either severe asthma , to help prevent attacks of breathlessness , wheeziness , or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ), to reduce the number of flare ups of symptoms . you must take aeroexar ‘ spriomax every day as directed by your doctor ). this will
hepsera is one of a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . it works by stopping the virus from multiplying and infecting new cells . this lowers the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body and reduces the chances of it getting worse . you have been given this medicine to prevent chronic ( longterm ) hepattis B virus from spreading inside your body . the main cause of this infection is infection with the h5n1 virus , which can lead to damage to the liver . heparsera works by blocking the effects of the virus and allowing the infection to be permanently removed from the body , reducing liver damage and suffering from the disease .
ozurdex is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexadelhasone belongs to a group of medicines known as corticosteroids . you have been given this medicine to help with your vision loss , in diabetic macular oedema , after an operation , to prevent a swelling of the surface of the eye and macula . diabetic me dic ina l p rod uc t n o l on ge r a uth ori se d 38 this medicine is used to treat a condition known as vascular endothelial growth factor a ( vegfa ) receptor regulated by the body . this medicine works by blocking the activity of proteins involved in vision loss and foraging . it reduces the swelling in the area of the retina in patients with
the active substance in zyprexa , velotab , belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it helps to prevent recurrence of symptoms in adult patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has not responded to olanzapine . zyrexa is used to treat adults with this disease , which is a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn .
tractocile contains atosiban , a pregnancies product that is used to delay the premature birth of your baby . tractocer is used in pregnant adult women , from week 24 to week 33 of the pregnancy , to make the contractions in your womb ( uterus ) less strong . it also makes it weaker to make contractions happen less often . contractions are made in your body , but they do not spread to other parts of the body or are not felt much more likely to develop in the weeks .
rhokiinsa contains the active substance angiotensinii , which belongs to a group of medicines known as phosphodiesterase type 2 ( pde2 ) inhibitors . it works by blocking the activity of a substance in the body which causes blood vessels to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . ritemvia is used to treat adults with high blood pressure ( type 2 diabetes ) and in adult patients with secondary kidney function ( essential hypertension ). this medicine can be used in combination with other medicines for high bloodpressure ( primary and secondary impaired kidney function ) that is associated with a condition called “ primary onset renal failure ”.
bydureon contains the active substance exenatide . it is a medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults . this medicine is used with other diabetes medicines , called metformin , sulphonylureas , and thiazolidinediones . these are medicines called sglt2 inhibitors and are used to reduce the levels of sugar in the blood . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which you will already be taking will be taking in combination with other medicines to treat your diabetes . you need to keep following the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor or nurse .
the active substance in nintedanib , a protein that stimulates the growth of new blood vessels , helps to increase the levels of oxygen in the blood and reduces the size of the tumour . nINTEDANIB is used to treat adults with advanced cancer when other treatments ( so - called docetaxel ) have not worked well enough . this medicine works by blocking the action of proteins called receptor tyrosine kinases ( rtks ), which are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . the medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with advanced nonsmall cell lung cancer ( nsclc ) whose disease has worsened after previous treatment ( socalled “ adenocarcinoma ”), or when another treatment has not helped stop the cancer cells from growing .
is used for what tovanor breezhaler is this medicine contains an active substance called glycopyrronium bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties because of a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making breathing difficult . the medicine prevents the tightening of the muscles in the lungs . if you use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
fampridine teva is a medicine used to improve walking in adults ( 18 years and over ) with multiple sclerosis ( ms ) related walking disability . in multiple clerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath around the nerves leading to muscle weakness , muscle stiffness and difficulty walking . fampyridineteva prevents the activity of potassium channel blockers , which are used to block potassium leaving the nerve cells . this helps to protect your child from getting this medicine .
aldara contains the active substance condylomata acuminata , which belongs to a group of medicines called ‘ anti - cancer medicines ’. it is used to treat the signs and symptoms of : warts of the female genitals ( the anus ) that have come back ( metastatic ) basal cell carcinoma . this is a skin cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by sunlight . basal cells carcinoma usually has a disfigure on the face , but can also occur in other places in the body , such as hot tubs , oven , or hot water . actinic keratosis ( also called keratinising ), which can cause skin coloured or greyish skin . these symptoms can vary from person to person .
