kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensinii receptor antagonists . angiostensin ii is a substance occurring in the body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinezalmonou blocks this effect so that the blood vessels relax , which helps lower your bloodpressure . this medicine is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure in adults ). ‘ essential ’ means that it is used when :  you are at high risk for serious events such as heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or have any other condition which you may have been given .
glubrava contains pioglitazone and metformin . these belong to a group of medicines called antidiabetics . they work by helping to control blood sugar level in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used when you are overweight and where your body does not produce enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ). your doctor is now prescribing this medicine to help control your blood sugar , which is not controlled by diet and exercise . you should continue to follow a diet reduced in protein ( glucose ) and / or exercise which your body produces does not work as well as it should . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
nuedexta contains the active substance dextromethorphan , which is a stimulant of the brain , connected with the neurotransmitter quinidine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ) that is responsible for the brain cell function , causing the brain to break down the protective sheath around the body . the chemical reaction occurs when the body produces a chemical called xanthomatosis , and the reaction occurs within a few hours of the breakdown . dextoromethoresphanphanphan is an essential substance in the body which cannot be broken down and processed by the liver . it is used to treat a condition known as a pseudobulbar affect ( neurological condition causing , for example laughing , crying , emotional state or mood ) in adults whose body is damaged and does not produce enough of the chemicals needed
the active substance in jardiance , empagliflozin , belongs to a group of medicines called sodium glucose cotransporter2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . what jardeance is used for this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) if diet and exercise is not enough to control the level of sugar in your blood or when you cannot take metformin , another diabetes medicine . if you are already taking this medicine , your doctor may ask you to take another medicine to control your type2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines for diabetes in combination with other medicines to control blood sugar , such as insulin , kidneys , heart disease or other conditions linked to type 2 diabetic episodes . your doctor will recommend the best course of therapy .
eosinophilic asthma contains the active substance reslizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it works by blocking the activity of a protein called il23 , a substance found in the body involved in asthma inflammation . this protein is involved in inflammatory processes of the body , and it is used to treat severe asthma in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older . euphoric asthma is a type of asthma where patients ’ s asthma is not well controlled by either inhaled corticosteroids or other asthma medicines . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your asthma . you must continue to take these medicines as prescribed by your doctor to reduce the daily dose , even if you are taking other medicines for asthma and / or have other flareups ( asthma 
Entacapone Teva contains the active substance enta capone and belongs to a group of medicines called levodopa . It is used to treat the symptoms of Parkinson ’ s disease in adult patients . EntaCAPONE Teva is used alone or in combination with levo dopa in adults . Parkinson ' s Disease is caused by a shortage of a protein in the body that allows the body to produce its own protection ( a substance that allows for the movement of objects ) in the past . The combination of EntaCapone and Teva can be used in people whose Parkinson  s diseases has not responded to previous treatment and they can be taken on its own . If you have Parkinson , you will also be given other medicines .
cinacalcet hra is a medicine that works by controlling the levels of parathyroid hormone ( pth ), calcium and phosphorous in your body . it is used to treat symptoms of secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients with serious kidney disease who need dialysis to clear their blood of waste products . they may also be required to follow a special diet to lower high levels of calcium in their blood ( hypercalcaemia ). in primary hyperparathyroid cancer , the doctor will take your body to treat your symptoms . this special diet is aimed to prevent the removal of the parathyroid gland ( partial thyroid gland ) in adults . cinaculcet is used in children and adolescents aged 3 years and older , who are not able to take the medicine on its own .
invirase contains the active substance saquinavir . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors which are used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) in adults , adolescents and children 3 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help to control your hiv1 infection . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor .
topotecan gel is used to treat : ovarian cancer or small cell lung cancer that has come back after chemotherapy . advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy treatment is not possible . when treating cervical cancer in a hospital setting , topoten can be administered either alone or together with a medicine called cisplatin .
sovaldi contains the active substance sofosbuvir . this medicine is used for treatment of chronic ( longterm ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . the active substances in sovaldase are ribavirin and peginterferon alfa . if you have any further questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for your child , ask your doctor . what is this medicine used for ? all 24 white filmcoated tablets are active tablets that contain a small amount of white to off white . they work in exactly the same way as if they have been treated previously with other medicines . for the rest of your medicine , just as you would if vous have had a hard capsule containing one or more of these active substances . not all pack sizes may be used . marketing authorisation holder and manufacturer novo nordisk
renvela contains sevelamer carbonate as the active ingredient . it binds phosphate from food in the digestive tract and so reduces serum phosphorus levels in the blood . this medicine is used to control hyperphosphataemia in adult patients on dialysis ( a blood clearance technique ). it is used in patients undergoing haemodialysis ( procedures to remove excess phosphorous from the blood) or , together with other treatments ( e . g . intravenous ) to control the level in your blood when you have kidney disease , and your current treatment is not suitable . you must also follow a special diet with calcium supplements and vitamin d to control your condition . your doctor will tell you to follow the special diet even if you are not taking this medicine .
nimenrix is a vaccine that helps to protect your child against infections caused by bacteria and viruses . it is used to prevent illnesses ranging from mild to severe meningitis ( infection of the tissue that surrounds the brain and spinal cord ) and invasive septicaemia ( infection with sporadic bacteria ) in adults . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infections . this means that the children can pass easily and have a reduced risk of dying from the h5n1 type of bacteria .
odefsey contains three active substances that are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection : emtricitabine , a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ) rilpivirine a nonnucleo side reverse transcriptionasis inhibitor ( nutrtis ), and tenofovir disoproxil , another antiretroviral medicine , is a not-for-hiretractor ( it is used in combination with other medicines to treat hiv infection ). hiv is the virus that causes illness related to hiv in people of all ages . the active substances in this medicine are designed to replace the natural ones . efavirenz works by interfering with the normal functioning of the virus . this means that the virus does not reproduce itself
translarna is a medicine used to treat a genetic deficiency in the body called muscular dystrophy . it is used when the body does not make enough of a muscle or if it is not able to walk normally , due to a missing or defective muscle or genetic defect . translara is used if you have a defect in one or more of the following conditions : your doctor will test you for this . he will tell you whether you should stop or continue taking the medicine if your doctor thinks that the medicine is working properly . this means that the muscle does not work as well as it should . by combining with other treatments , the medicine helps to reduce the abnormality in the muscles , helping to increase their ability to walk .
The medicine is given by infusion into a vein in hospital . Hycamtin is used to treat : ovarian cancer or small cell lung cancer that has come back after chemotherapy . Advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy treatment is not possible . If you have cervical cancer at an advanced stage you may be given other medicines to treat it . Together with your doctor or nurse , your doctor may decide to give you this medicine as an adjunctive therapy . Alternatively , you may also be given Hy camtin in combination with cisplatin . Your doctor will discuss with you which medicine is best for you .
neurobloc is a medicine that causes muscle contractions . it belongs to a group of medicines called ‘ botulinum toxin inhibitors ’. this medicine is used to treat symptoms of cervical dystonia ( torticollis ) in adults . contractions in the neck and shoulder muscles are caused by certain stresses .
what ocrelizumab is multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older can become ill . what multiple SSclerosis is multiple Sclerosis is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( the system that controls the nerves in the brain and spinal cord ) and where the body ’ s immune system is able to destroy the protective layer ( myelin sheath ) around the nerve cells . this damage can lead to a breakdown of the protective blanket ( called a ‘ sphingolipids ’) in the nervous system . the damage may be caused by too much glutamate ( a chemical messenger ) that damages the fibres of the central nerves , causing the symptoms of walking , balance , weakness and numbness .
iclusig contains the active substance nelarabine . this belongs to a group of medicines called antineoplastic agents which are used to treat cancer cells . these medicines are called chemotherapy agents . they work by stopping cancer cells from growing and dividing . their growth is greatly reduced in adult patients with newly diagnosed leukaemia . acute lymphoblastic leuaemia is a disease in which certain white blood cells ( named lymphoma cells ) start growing out of control . in this disease , the number of these cells in the body is increasing rapidly . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
parsabiv is a medicine used for the treatment of symptoms of an underactive parathyroid gland , called ‘ hypoparathyroidism ’. what parathyroid hormone is used for parsathyroid glands in the neck : “ hypoparathhyroid hormone ” is injected into your body by your doctor to treat symptoms of the disease . the parat thyroid hormone makes the body produce too much blood calcium , which is important for the health and wellbeing of your bones , heart , skin and muscles . it also increases the levels of calcium in your blood and helps your body to make more phosphate levels . pritor is used to treat high levels of ‘ toxic substances ’ in adults who have been treated with other treatments such as ‘ thiaminoglycans ’, ‘ thalassase ’ and ‘ irinotecan ’ as
sivextro is an antibiotic that contains the active substance tedizolid phosphate . it is used to treat adults with infections of the skin and tissues under the skin caused by certain bacteria when usual antibiotics cannot be used or have not worked .
suboxone medac is a medicine that contains the active substance opioid ( narcotic ) heroin . it belongs to a group of medicines called ‘ antineoplastics ’. these medicines are used to treat dependence on opioids , like heroin or morphine . they work by blocking the effects of an opioid , which is often caused by a chemical in the body called opioid kinase ( pdk ). they also help to stop the production of opioids from being pumped into the bloodstream . su boxone is used for use in adults and adolescents aged 15 years and older .
pemetrexed fresenius kabi is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexxed prednisone is given in combination with cisplatin , another anticancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy , in the form of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer , before receiving treatment for their disease , or if other treatments have not worked well enough , you may not receive treatment for your lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy ; pemetreXed ointment is also a treatment for patients with stage 2 or 3 years of age whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy
contraception is a medicine used to prevent pregnancy . your contraceptive pill contains a small amount of the active substance ulipristal acetate . it binds to the female sex hormone ovulation , and the two are carried together out of the body by your body during a menstrual cycle . if you are not taking contraception , your body ’ s natural defences will not allow you to become pregnant . contraception can only be used in women who are not infertile . you must use a contraception pill in a cycle called lutropin , which helps to release an egg from your breasts . this helps to prevent your pregnancy from happening . regular contraception should always be used together with a treatment called ulinpristal alpha . when you are pregnant , you must also have a low dose of 
clopidogrel krka contains the active ingredient pidogral which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by reducing the number of platelets ( thrombi ), it reduces the chances of blood letting clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopdi not to be treated with the medicine , because : you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and you have already been treated with other medicines which reduce the risk of these severe events due to 
vitekta contains the active substance elvitegravir which belongs to a group of medicines called ‘ antiretrovirals ’ used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults aged 18 years and older . it is used in combination with other hiv medicines to treat the hiv virus integrase ( idiopathic ). hiv is the virus that causes many illnesses related to hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you the best combination of medicines for you . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . these precautions include : reducing the amount of hiv in your blood ( this is called your " viral load ") increasing the number of white blood cells called " cd4cells " ( t ) which are needed for effective antihiv medicines . this medicine is not a
alprolix is a medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor ix , a protein that is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleedings . in patients with haemophilia a ( inherited bleeding disorder caused by factor x deficiency ), factor  ix is missing or not working properly . alproplix replaces the missing factor X and is used for treatment and prevention of bleeding in all age groups . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor .
Aripiprazole Mylan contains the active substance aripiprizole and belong to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . It is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 15 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . People with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . In adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who are feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability .
this medicine contains the active substance follitropin beta , which is a puregon solution . this medicine is used to treat low molecular fat content in the blood of women undergoing assisted reproduction programmes such as infertility and clomifene citrate in women ovulation ( in vitro fertilisation , ivf ). in adult women , the amount of hormone levels are too high ( hormones ) and so are too low ( hormone levels ). therefore , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other hormones that you will be taking with this medicine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor .
what rituximab hcl is the active substance in this medicine is called “ blymphocyte ”. this is a type of protein called a “ monoclonal antibody ”. it sticks to the surface of some types of white blood cells called “ B - Lymphocytes ”. by attaching to this protein , b - lymphocytes can become active and affect other organs in the body . cll may be the first manifestation of your disease , or the second manifestation of rheumatoid arthritis . your doctor may prescribe briskly for the treatment of : a ) nonhodgkin ’ s lymphoma this is the most common form of lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects nhl . in patients where the disease has worsened after treatment with chemotherapy
xolair contains the active substance omalizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . these antibodies work by blocking the activity of a protein called escherichia coli . if you have an allergy asthma or have moderate to severe rhinosinusitis ( inflammation of the nose and sinuses ) and have persistent nasal polyps ( allergic asthma ), your doctor may decide to treat you with a specific type of asthma . your doctor will prescribe xоlair for you in addition to your asthma medicine ( such as highdose steroids , betaagonist inhalers ) for your allergic asthma or if your symptoms are not well controlled by these medicines . you should not take any asthma medicine that is used to treat asthma or allergic asthma in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . for rhinos
cuprymina contains the active substance copper . it is a type of medicine called a radiopharmaceutical precursor . each ml contains 40 iu of radioactivity . the other ingredients are copper , chloride and radioisotope . this medicine is used to reduce the amount of radiation in your body . your doctor should only give you this medicine if your doctor thinks that other therapies are not suitable . copper is an essential element of the electromagnetic spectrum . when it is given , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with cupryminea . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor .
orkambi contains two active substances , lumacaftor and ivacator . both of these active substances help to control cystic fibrosis ( cf ) disease . it is for use in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with a rare ( rare ) mutation ( f508del mutation ) that causes the body to produce a abnormal protein to work more normally . in patients with cystic fission , the immune system ( the body ’ s natural defences ) causes the symptoms of the illness , such as getting heavier , losing weight . me dic ina l p rod uc t n o l on ge r a uth ori se d 38 how this medicine works yorkambi improves the ability of the airways and breathing is easier . ivacaf
increlex contains the active substance mecasermin . it is used for the treatment of adults and adolescents ( 12 to less than 18 years old ) with igf1 deficiency .
what lacosamide ucb mylan is this medicine contains the active substance lacosesamide . this belongs to a group of medicines called “ antiepileptic medicines ”. what la cosamide mylan looks like and contents of the pack lacossée is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . it is used to treat a certain type of epilepsy characterised by the occurrence of fits ( seizures ) in one part of the brain , or the other parts of your brain . lacoSamide urb has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits that you have . how lacosamide me dic ina l on ge r a uth ori se d 40 years and above , these partialonset seizure with or without secondary generalisation . in some patients , fits first affect only
ketek contains telithromycin , a type of antibiotic called a macrolides . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called ‘ tetracyclines ’ which work by stopping the growth of certain bacteria . this medicine is used in adults to treat infections that have spread to the throat ( named infections of the sinuses , hollow cavities in the bones ) or in the nose ( named chest infections ). it is used to treat adults with breathing difficulties due to lung infection .
the active substance in this medicine is beta pegol . factor ix is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent and stop bleeding . it is used to treat and prevent bleeding in people 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor x deficiency ) and can be used for all age groups . in patients with haEmophilis a , factor X is missing or not working properly . this means that the medicine does not work properly , and it is not for use in patients 12 years of age and older . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
pumarix is a vaccine for use in individuals 18 years of age and older . it is intended to be given before or during the next influenza ( pandemic ) flu season to prevent flu caused by the h5n1 type of the virus . pandémic flu is sparked in the United States by a bacterium called escherichia coli . this h1n1 strain is known as a panaxase . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ’ s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , pumariix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
The active substance in zoledronic acid accord is Zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . Zontivity prevents the formation of new bone , thus slowing down the rate of bone change . It is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). To reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adults , osteoporosis ( tumour ) is expected to accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . This condition is known as tumourinduced hypercalcaemia ( Tih ).
Iblias contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor VIII , also called octocog alfa . лари дл аил  телн лксем на доолнител и методикал кладо летров кандул оел , коллектил л . is a medicine used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( congenital factor VIIII deficiency ).
what desloratadine ratiopharm is desloritadinine ratioppharm is a painkiller . its active substance desloratedine belongs to a group of medicines called ‘ neopreneur agonists ’ ( antihistamines ). how deslorantadines ratioph works deslortadINE ratiophe is an antiallergy medicine that does not make you drowsy . it helps control your allergic reaction and its symptoms . desloratuladiene ratiophol is used to treat allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include sneezing , runny or a mild to moderately severe allergy to
imbruvica contains the active substance ibrutinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called protein kinase inhibitors . imbruvia is used to treat patients with certain blood cancers , e . g . mantle cell lymphoma or cancer of the lymph nodes , that have not been previously treated for . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is a cancer of white blood cells , called macroglobulinaemia . these are diseases in which some cells ( named lymphocytes ) have not responded to treatment with chemotherapy if you have a high risk for developing these cells .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiractam teva is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilespsy , to treat a certain form of epilepism . epileptic forms are structures that affect one side of the brain , which may or may not extend to larger areas on both sides of your brain . one of the characteristics of this condition is that the seizures have not been followed by a seizure with or without secondary generalisation . levetiacetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits ( seizures ) in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shocklike jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ).
palonosetron hra is a medicine that contains the active substance palonostine . it is used to treat nausea and vomiting in adults with cancer chemotherapy . the medicine works by blocking the activity of a substance called neurotransmitter ( nkt ) receptor in the brain . this substance is involved in the normal movement and movement of food and drink from food . patients with cancer have a greater tendency to feel nausea or vomiting if they are exposed to radiation , or in the presence of cancer cells .
tasermity contains the active substance bempedoic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called lipid modifying medicines . it is used to lower the level of transfats in the blood that are produced by the liver . the liver produces a substance called ldlcholesterol which is important for the production of cholesterol . this medicine is used in adults to treat a condition known as hypercholestrolaemia or dyslipidaemia . people with high cholesterol level can only be treated by a statin or simvastatin . if you are already taking this medicine , your doctor may prescribe this medicine to lower your level of cholesterol in your blood when you are not able to take other cholesterollowering medicines when statins are not tolerated or cannot be used .
ozempic contains the active substance semaglutide and belongs to a group of medicines called glp1 receptor antagonists . these medicines help to control your blood sugar level when it is too high . they also help prevent heart disease in adults . ozingmpic is used on its own if you cannot use metformin ( another diabetes medicine ) or have high blood sugar levels . it is used when your diabetes is not properly controlled with diet and exercise , and you are not able to use any other medicine for diabetes . your doctor will recommend other medicines for you : oral antidiabetics ( if these have not worked well enough ), if they are not enough or are not well controlled by diet , exercise and / or diet ; they may be added to other medicines ( ie , thiazolidinediones , or sul
apotex contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( socalled thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by reducing the number of platelets in your blood , and thus reducing thrombosis , your doctor will try to prevent these things from forming . if you are an adult , please also read the patient information leaflet carefully that comes from time to time , in case of : ( if not treated )  you have a risk of major bleeding ( thrombi ) which have spread within your blood vessels ( arteries ), a reduction in atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ).  your doctor may also give you information about this disease , including
opsumit widens the pulmonary arteries , which carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this helps to keep the blood vessels open , and keeps the heart pump pumping more blood into the blood . opsUMIT is used to treat moderate cases of pulmonary hypertension in adult patients who have blood vessels that are too narrowed or have too much pressure in the vessels that carry blood around the heart and thereby lower the blood pressure . patients with pulmonary hypotension may also feel tired , dizzy and short of breath . these symptoms are either reduced or their number is lowered . as a result they are often too high due to the size of the arteries in the blood and / or with peripheral arterial hypertension , or with a condition called thromboembolic pulmonaryhypertension .
lyumjev contains insulin lispro . this is a medicine used to treat diabetes . it works very quickly and lasts a shorter time than soluble insulin ( 2 to 5 hours ). insulin , the active substance of diabetes , is made by a biotechnology process and is identical with the body ' s own insulin . each kind of insulin comes with another medicine , containing a longacting effect . rapidacting insulin helps to control the level of sugar in the blood . however , diabetes cannot be controlled by diet and exercise alone . regular use of insulin is the best option for you . diabetes : this medicine is used if your blood sugar is not properly controlled with insulin alone , and your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . insulin is an insulin medicine that works in a different way . in this way , your body can
edurant contains the active substance ritonavir , which is a protease inhibitor used to control hiv infection . norvir is one of a group of antihiv medicines called antiretrovirals . it works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing a strain of resistant hiv . your doctor will discuss with you the best combination of medicines for you .
rasagiline mylan is used for the treatment of parkinson ’ s disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinsons ’ disease ). with parkinon ’s disease , a reduction in the number of cells that produce dopamine in the brain occurs naturally after the brain is activated . rasaginagina helps to increase the levels of dop hormones that are needed for movement and learning .
7 . information for injecting yourself 8 . the following information is intended for healthcare professionals only 1 . what ratiograstim is and what it is used for your doctor has recommended that you only read the package leaflets carefully before you start taking it . your doctor will tell you whether you should stop or continue taking any of the information in this leaflet . it is a useful reference for any information you may have about a certain type of white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and / or if you have any questions about your treatment or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the signs and symptoms of your disease and to help your bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . if white cells are damaged and you have
erivedge contains the active substance vismodegib , which belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called basal cell carcinoma . this type of cancer is a condition in which certain cells of the body ’ s immune system called “ il23 ” cells have a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene responsible for producing a protein called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( hcg ) receptors involved in the development of new blood vessels that supply them . when the cancer cells grow out of control , the medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adults who have had surgery and who have radiation for their basal cells carcinoma at some time . people with basal celule carcinoma are at risk of getting a cancer of the skin .
veltassa contains the active substance patiromer and belongs to a class of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . vemlidy is used to treat high levels of potassium in the blood , which can lead to weakness and paralysis . high potassium levels , along with an abnormal heartbeat , can cause serious effects . it changes the heart rhythm and the blood flow . this changes the amount of potassium that the body produces . the body can then use a medicine called a “ pd5 ”. this medicine works by lowering the levels ofpotassium in your blood and thus lowers the risk of having serious effects on your heart and mind .
zonegran contains the active substance zonisamide . this is an antiepileptic medicine . zonegran is used to treat seizures that affect one part of the brain ( partial seizure ), which may or may not extend to larger areas ( secondary generalisation ). zonegran has been given to adults by doctors to reduce the number of fits that you have . you have been given other medicines to treat your seizures . your doctor will decide which other medicines are best for you .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into the penis when you get sexually excited . viagra will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . you have been advised by your doctor to get a sexually suitable penis suitable for sexual activity .
lojuxta contains the active substance lomitapide which belongs to a group of medicines called ‘ oral anti - cholesterol lowering medicines ’. lomitabide works by blocking the activity of a protein called transthyretin ( tdt ), which is involved in lowering blood levels of fats and is present in high cholesterol . it is used in adults to treat a condition called homozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia ( hct ). people with high cholesterol passed down by their own body . this condition can lead to heart attacks and strokes . there are two types of cholesterol : high cholesterol is a substance called density lipoprotein ( ldl ). cholesterol is made up mainly of the fats found in your blood . when this happens , it is called “ good ” cholesterol because it helps your body to control your cholesterol levels 
ticagrelor belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicines , including acetylsalicylic acid ( a socalled ‘ antineoplastic agent ’). it is used to treat a type of heart attack , which happened over a year ago . it works by stopping the heart vessels from clumping together , causing the blood vessels to relax , and the blood pressure to lower . this reduces the chance of a heart attack or stroke , or of dying from one of these atherothrombotic events . you have been prescribed this medicine to help control your heart and mind . however , in some cases , your blood vessels may not be able to pump enough blood into your blood to help prevent clots and reduce the risk of serious diseased blood vessels in your brain .
duzallo contains the active substance allopurinol and lesinurad . it is used to treat gout in adult patients by lowering the levels of uric acid in the blood . treatment with this medicine will help to control the level of igfr and other substances involved in reducing the severity and severity of your gulp . allochloro belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . pd5 is produced by a small amount of urate crystals around the joints . due to the syringes in the joint , the excess uricate can cause joint damage .
lyrica belongs to a group of medicines called antiepileptics . these medicines are used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neurosp is used for the treatment of long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves in patients with diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping or aching , symptoms such as tingling , Numbness , pins and needles , sleep disturbance , and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . the symptoms can vary from patient to patient , but if you are at high risk for developing severe fatigue , having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , or having muscle tension .
temozolomide is an antitumour agent . temolomide accord capsules are taken for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : in adults with newlydiagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . in these cases , the medicine is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ), followed by treatment with other techniques ( advanced stage of disease ), including anaplastic astrocytoma , in which the tumour is firmly attached to the underlying cause of the disease . the use of temozalomide acord is used in these tumors if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
myclausen contains mycophenolate mofetil . this medicine is used to prevent your body rejecting a transplanted kidney , heart or liver . it is used in combination with other medicines with a similar function ( i . e . ciclosporin and corticosteroids ).
7 . instructions for use ( see overleaf ) 1 . what nepexto is and what it is used for nexexto is an injection device that is made from two human proteins . it blocks the activity of another protein in the body that causes inflammation . this medicine works by reducing the inflammation associated with certain diseases . in adults ( aged 18 and over ), nexto can be used for moderate or severe rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and severe axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing sponylitis – in each case usually when other widely used treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . nento can also be used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it may be necessary to do normal daily activities . whether used on its own
circadin contains the active substance melatonin . circadin is used for the treatment of insomnia ( difficulty in getting to sleep or staying asleep ) in adult patients with a condition known as poor quality of sleep . it is used in adults over 55 years of age , who have an increased level of insomnia .
the active substance in memantine mylan is meMANtine . it belongs to a group of medicines known as antidementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ’ s disease is due to an alteration of a signal in the brain . the brain contains socalled nmethyldaspartate ( nmda ) receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . meMANTIN mylan works by blocking these signals , allowing the brain to process information about where to find out about your disease . mylan has been shown to improve the transmission of nerve signals and the memory , and to help you to do normal daily activities .
is used for what tovanor breezhaler is this medicine contains an active substance called glycopyrronium bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties because of a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making breathing difficult . the medicine prevents the tightening of the muscles in the lungs . if you use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
miglustat contains the active substance ogivri and belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat mild to moderate type 1gaucher disease in adults . type 1 gaucher disease is a disease that causes a build up of a substance called glucosylceramide in the body . this can result in liver and spleen enlargement , changes in the blood and bone disease . the typical manifestations of type 1 Gaucher disease are progressive neurological symptoms . if you have niemannpick type c disease , fats such as glycosphingolipids build up inside cells and so restricts their action . by acting as a replacement for this chemical in your body , this can cause neurological symptoms for several reasons and may result in disturbances in neurological functions such as slow eye movements , balance and swallowing .
ulipristal acetate mylan contains the active substance ulinaris . it is used to treat moderate to severe symptoms of uterine fibroids ( commonly known as myomas ), which are noncancerous tumours of the uterus ( womb ). it is given to adult women after they have reached the menopause . in some women , utulipacetate may be used , to treat heavy menstrual bleeding ( your ‘ period ’), pelvic pain ( discomfort in the belly ) and create pressure on other parts of your body . this medicine acts by modifying the activity of a natural hormone in the body , helping to reduce and prevent bleeding and a decrease in your red blood cell count .
methylthioninium chloride cosmo contains methylene blue . this medicine is a recombinant coagulation factor , similar to a natural protein ( granulocytecolony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . ethylene blue is an essential element of oxygen that enables the body to produce more oxygen and thereby lower the levels of methaemoglobinaemia . people with this condition are unable to make enough haemaglobin , and the lack of oxygen leads to an increase in the blood and a reduction in energy . the efficacy of this medicine has not been shown in clinical studies .
sildenafil actavis contains the active substance sildanafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your Penis when you get sexually excited . it will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . silDENAfil Actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . these are situations when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , sexual activity . the product is useful in helping to open the airways and making it easier for the sexual sensation .
the active substance of galvus , naltrexone hydrochloride , belongs to a group of medicines known as antiobesity ants . galvarus is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are overweight , who also need to exercise to control their body mass index ( a measure of your body mass ). the amount of fat that you have accumulated in your body is not removed and is not properly controlled by diet and exercise alone . overweight people tend to get excessive amounts of both adrenoceptors . their bodymass index is often called a ‘ bad ’ or ‘ high ’ blood pressure . the main benefit of using this medicine is that it reduces the risk of developing cardiovascular events ( such as high levels of lipid ) and increases the body weight . increased blood pressure may also be associated with higher levels of fat in your blood
oxervate contains the active substance ozanimod , which belongs to a group of medicines called vascular endothelial growth factor receptor ( vegfr ) inhibitors . the active ingredient in ohimod is a recombinant retinoceptor agonist ( rh ) which is used to reduce the thickness of the cornea ( the transparent layer in the front part of the eye ) and the thin film in the back of your eye ( the microorganism that makes the iris ) if the limbus is thicker than it should . a biopsy reveals that the autologous limbal cells are present in the eye and form a small area around the eye which is visible to the light . these cells are then collected and given back to the eye by injection , allowing the growth of the cells to be
hydroxycarbamide accord is a medicine which belongs to a group of medicines called anaemic agents . it is used to treat patients with bone marrow disease who have a high risk of red blood cells and sickle shape . sickle cell disease occurs when a person has a problem with a blood disorder involving a large number of disc shaped red cells . these red cells usually get stuck in blood vessels and cause severe pain crises and organ damage . blocked blood vessels can cause serious medical problems , including loss of blood cells , in adults , children and infants over 2 years old .
daptomycin hospira contains the active substance dapTomycin , which belongs to a group of medicines called ‘ tetracyclines ’. it works by killing certain bacteria which cause the infections listed below : a bacteria called gram positive staphylococcus aureus . this bacteria can cause serious infections of the skin and other tissues in the body . it can also be used to treat infections in the blood if you have been previously treated with other medicines for this type of infection . your doctor will also give you other medicines to treat the following infections in your blood when you are older than 17 years of age . a person who has already been treated with another medicine , the antibiotic , has been prescribed by your doctor . you may also be given other medicines , in addition to your diet , to help protect your skin from infections in those tissues and especially in the heart . sta
silodyx belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1aadrenoreceptor blockers . it is used in adults to block the growth of prostate glands , bladder and urethra . by blocking this protein , it causes smooth muscle in these tissues to relax . this makes it easier for you to pass water and relieves your symptoms . sillodyx is used for the treatment of your urinary symptoms , which are related to enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to passwater , a feeling of not completely emptying the bladder , or of not totally emptying your bladder .
Focetria is a vaccine to prevent flu ( influenza ). when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ’ s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the influenza virus . None of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . flu : the vaccine targets four strains of influenza virus following the 2015 / 2016 season .
This medicine contains the active substance ribavirin . This medicine stops the multiplication of many types of viruses , including hepatitis C . The active substance in this medicine can be used alone or together with interferon alfa-2b . If you have previously used RibavirIN Mylan to treat chronic ( long - term ) HCV infection , your doctor may decide to treat you with a combination of this medicine with another medicine . RIB Avirin Mylan is used to treat adults and children 3 years of age and older . It is used when there is a risk of developing chronic hepatis C infection . For children and adolescents weighing less than 47 kg a solution formulation is available . You must not have previously been treated with this medicine , unless your HCV has spread outside the body or if you have had previous treatment for HCV 
olazax mylan contains the active substance olanzapine . this belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes - a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . olaazax has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to opine treatment .
trogarzo contains the active substance ibalizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called ‘ tnf blockers ’. it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and above . trogarzao is used when other hiv medicines ( called cd4 cells ) cannot be used or have not worked . it works by stopping cells from growing and multiplying . this helps the body to fight infection .
ivabradine hra is a heart medicine used to treat : symptomatic stable angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 70 beats per minute . it is used if other heart medicines ( called betablockers ) cannot control your heart ’ s heart rate . this is the heart rate at which the heart beats faster . if you have tried one of these and it did not work well enough , your doctor may have prescribed this medicine in combination with a betablocker , but it is not suitable for you . when it is added to your standard therapy , it is important to keep following the recommendation by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . 56 réfinance / taser / 5 star rating : 1 . 5 star rated patients with chronic heart failure who have
azilect contains the active substance rasagiline and it is used for the treatment of parkinson ’ s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinsons ’ disease ). with parkinon ’s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopami can be involved in movement control and enjoyment of sensations such as seeing or sensing things which are not there , and people who are more likely to respond to treatment with azilect . how azilect works azilect helps to increase and sustain levels of the brain after dark , helping to reduce the symptoms of the disease .
clopidogrel dura belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( socalled thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by reducing the number of platelets in your blood , and by preventing it from forming by cutting off the blood supply ( a process called thrombosis ), preventing clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). your doctor will carefully consider all available treatment options before prescribing the medicine , because : you have a risk of getting a serious and preventative measures , in case of a medical condition called an acute or chronic event . you have been prescribed clo
skyrizi contains the active substance risankizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called il23 , a substance found in the body that plays an important role in inflammatory processes . il17 is involved in the inflammation process of psoriasis , and is present at increased levels in diseases such as burning , itching , pain , redness and scaling .
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozac is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : in adults with newlydiagnosed glioblastoma multiforme , which cannot be treated with radiotherapy , or have spread to other parts of the body . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant gliomes , such as glionomas multiplexes or anaplastic astrocytoma .
Dengvaxia is a vaccine used to prevent dengue disease caused by dengue virus in infants from 9 to 45 years of age . It is for use in children and adolescents aged 6 months to less than 45 years . How Dengue Works Dengue is caused by a virus that infects the human body ( ' s natural defences ). It works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . Treatment with Dengue Disease will allow you to protect your child from getting sick faster , and to reduce the risk of developing serious diseases caused by the virus . Your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . What Dengue disease is used for Thegue disease usually starts with a fever , headache and pain in the eyes , muscle or joint pain . This medicine is used to treat adults and children ( aged 9 years and above ).
lamivudine teva pharma is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and in children weighing at least 25 kg . the active ingredient in lamisvudines is lamigivudinere ; the other ingredient is nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). me dic ina l p rod uc t n o l on ge r a uth ori se d 40 . v pharma b ne pas lon dne is a type of medicine that works by preventing hiv infection . it reduces the amount of virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing a serious disease , like cd4 cells .
altargo is an antibiotic which contains the active substance retapamulin . it is used in adults to treat bacterial infections in small areas of the skin . this includes infections of the blood that are caused by bacteria or viruses called escherichia coli . other infections that affect the skin include impetigo , crusting scabs or infected areas .
1 . what ivabradine zentiva is and what it is used for the active substance in ivaBRAdine Zentiva , a heart medicine used to treat : symptomatic stable angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 70 beats per minute . it is applied to the chest of patients who do not tolerate or cannot take heart medicines called betablockers . this is to help prevent a patient from having another heart rate increase . the heart rate should only be used in combination with a betablocker if it is within the normal range . if you have heart failure , your heart rate will increase again after a test . you will only be prescribed this medicine if your condition is not fully controlled by a placebo or other type of angina attack . your doctor will also prescribe this medicine in combination
palonosetron contains the active substance serotonin ( 5ht3 ). it belongs to a group of medicines called antagonists . serotonein is a substance produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli . it works by blocking receptors to receptors in the body that allow for communication between nerve cells . this means that the receptors are not blocking the activity of the neurotransmitter ( comtrp ) receptors , which are involved in nausea and vomiting . the medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat nausea and severe vomiting in adult patients who have cancer chemotherapy .
neparvis is a medicine that contains the active substance anidulafungin . it is used to treat adults and adolescents ( 12 to less than 18 years old ) with a type of fungal infection called candidiasis . infection with candida is caused by fungal cell walls . fungal cells have incomplete or defective cell walls which may make the walls fragile and unable to grow .
quadramet belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . it is used in adults to treat bone pain in adult patients who have a defect in a protein called plateletderived growth factor receptor 2negative ( pdgfr ) receptor antagonists . quadramеt acts on the surface of the skeletal tissue that makes up the bone , allowing the bone to form new bone lesions . these lesions prevent the bone from growing and dividing . this reduces the bone and leads to pain .
ambrisentan mylan belongs to a group of medicines called other antihypertensives . it is used to treat high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children with pulmonary arterial hypertension ( pah ). pah is highblood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . in people with pah, these arteries get narrower , so the heart has to work harder to pump blood through them . this causes people to feel tired , dizzy , and short of breath . opsumit widens the PTXPACE can help to lower the blood pressure and relieve the symptoms . the medicine also helps to reduce the effects of pah on the heart .
trimbow is a medicine to help breathing that contains the three active substances : beclometasone dipropionate , formoterol fumarate dihydrate and glycopyrronium . beclomemetasesone di propionate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids which act to reduce the swelling and irritation in your lungs . formolerol and glycopirronium are medicines called longacting bronchodilators . they act in different ways to relax the muscles in your airways , helping to open the airways wider and allowing you to breathe more easily . regular treatment with these three active ingredients helps to relieve and prevent symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing and cough in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). trimbow can reduce exacerbations ( flareups ) of
what neorecormon is nemdatine contains the active substance memantine hydrochloride . mementine belongs to a group of antidementia medicines which are used to prevent memory loss in alzheimer ’ s disease . it is used when the brain contains socalled nmethyldaspartate ( nmda ) receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . how nmeda works nMEDAC is a medicine that contains the neurotransmitter , the brain is responsible for sending messages to the brain . the brain has a long and steady pulse , which helps to keep the nerve signals going and helping the brain to remember things . nMda is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzherer – a serious , longterm condition .
teysuno contains the active substance paraaminosalicylic acid . it is used to treat tuberculosis in adults .
sir Turo contains the active substance bedaquiline . sirturo is an antibiotic of the class called aminoglycosides . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called nitrosourea that works by stopping the growth of tuberculosis in the lungs . this medicine is used when other antibiotics cannot be used , for example , to treat adults with pulmonary tuberosis or to treat children and adolescents aged 12 years and older weighing at least 35 kg .
filgrastim hexal is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony stimulating factor ) and belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . in patients with neutropenia , the body ’ s immune system is unable to fight infection by reducing the number of white blood cells . ayferreesis ( a type of cancer ) is thought to work by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells more quickly . the use of grastofil teva fcd34 cells is not a cure for the disease ; it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be using when you are having apheresis or
pantecta contains the active substance pantoprazole , which blocks the ‘ pump ’ that produces stomach acid . hence it reduces the amount of acid in your stomach . pantectoa is used for the shortterm treatment of reflux symptoms ( for example , heartburn , acid regurgitation ) in adults . reflux is the backflow of acid from the stomach into the gullet (“ foodpipe ”), which may become inflamed and painful . this may cause you symptoms such as a painful burning sensation in the chest rising up to the throat ( heartburn and a sour taste in the mouth ( acid recalcitrant ). you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day of treatment with somac control , but this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may be necessary to take the tablets for 23 consecutive days to relieve the
fluenza vaccine h5n1 baxter is a vaccine used in individuals aged 6 months adults and older . it is used to prevent influenza ( flu ) in an officially declared pandemic . pandemie flu is an influenza vaccine that helps to protect against the four virus strains contained in the vaccine , and other strains closely related to them . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the diseases caused by the virus . if you or your child are aged less than 18 years old , your child catches a type of influenza . influenza vaccine : astrazeneca is not meant to be used by itself , but should always be used in combination with other influenza vaccines . when an individual is given the vaccination , the immune system ( the body ’ s natural defence system ) makes antibodies against the disease . none of the ingredients
pioglitazone teva pharma b . v . contains piogallery . it is an antidiabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( noninsulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood , especially in those who are already taking other medicines for their type 2 diabetes ( such as insulin ), or when treatment with diet and exercise is not enough to control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 3 diabetes , and your doctor will continue to give you piglit azone treatment with insulin therapy , if your blood sugar cannot be adequately controlled by diet , exercise and other treatments have failed to control blood sugar .
is used for what onbrez breezhaler is indacaterol which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . when you inhale it , it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the small air passages in the lungs . this helps open up the airways , making it easier to get air in and out . it also helps to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to : a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airway tighten . that makes breathing difficult . the medicine tightens these muscles at the front part of the gullet so that it opens up more airways and makes it easier for air to get in andout . what is aprovel used for ? provel has been shown to improve the ability to control breathing
