always take incivo exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is 3 tablets per day . your doctor will decide how long you should continue to take it . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 4 : " warnings and precautions "). the usual starting dose is 3 mg per kg body weight taken once a day for 4 weeks followed by 8 weeks without treatment . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more incivo than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , go to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . urgent attention may be necessary . side effects of overdose may include nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and a_liver_transplant . if you forget to take nexium control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer zinbryta as an injections under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will decide on the right dose for you . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the injections . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose for you . do not change the dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more wilzin than you should if you accidentally take too much 50 mg , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take amsparity if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking amsparity the decision to stop using amsparity should be discussed with your child ' s doctor . your child ' s symptoms may return upon stopping 25 . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more antacids than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with some water . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . swallow the tablets whole with some water . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more novonorm than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as you remember but do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the muscle in the upper arm . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more lutathera than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will only receive a single dose of lutathera precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the administration procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further question on the use of this product , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily dose of 10 mg ( one tablet ) in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may increase your dose to 10 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more afinitor than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose of laventair_ellipta is one inhalation every day . if you have severe asthma , your symptoms may get worse . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may get worse but do not stop taking airexar spiromax or reduce your dose of airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . do not stop using airexar spiromax or reduce your dose of airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . do not stop using airexar spiromax or reduce your dose of airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . do not stop using airexar spiromax or reduce your dose of airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . do not stop using relvar breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you accidently inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become breathless or more , or have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this treatment . tremfya will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . tremfya will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given tremfya as a drip ( injection ) into a the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily injection into a injection ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). the recommended dose is 100 mg given as one injection in the morning and one in the evening , at about the same time each day . after 8 weeks , your doctor may decide to give you a second dose of 100 mg , followed by 8 weeks after the first dose . no more than 8 months after the first dose , your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice .
always take trepulmix exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of trepulmix is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take trepulmix with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take trepulmix every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take trepulmix at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . always take the tablet with some water . you should take your tablet at the same time each day . you can take it with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take your tablet with or without food . you should swallow the tablet whole with a drink . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more discomfort than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , ask your doctor for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take discomfort if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with discomfort may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 24 - mg tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not change the dose yourself without consulting your doctor . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 24 - mg tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the evening or one in the evening . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should continue to inject this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to make sure that you have the right medicine . this medicine is only to be used on the same day as directed by your doctor . this is to make sure that you have the right medicine . the amount of medicine that you will be given will depend on your condition . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should continue to inject this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 30 mg given as one every 4 weeks . your doctor or nurse will decide how much nivolumab accord you will receive . nivolumab accord is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you are given too much nivolumab accord as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much nivolumab accord , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain (
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much tacforius you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . this is to check that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of rejection in your blood . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take your medicine at about the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can take your tablet with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the sachet whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . if you take more qtern than you should if you have taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take incresync - if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for any forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 1 tablet of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bms per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many capsules , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet container with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer yttriga to you by a doctor or a nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with yttriga . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to determine how long you should continue to take yttriga . the daily dose is to be administered as 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0
your doctor will work out your dose of ciambra to you . the dose of ciambra is calculated depending on your body weight in kilograms . the usual dose is 1000 mg / m2 body surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the right dose for you . the usual dose is 1000 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will prescribe this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or stopped depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 1000 mg / ml ( 0 . 5 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteroids : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed accord treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1000 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed accord . you must take at least 30 doses during the seven days before the first dose of 30 mg every other day . if you have the impression that the effect of dexamethasone is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the upper deltoid_muscle of the deltoid_muscle in the upper thigh ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel . the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel . the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel . the vaccine will be injected into the upper thigh ( shoulder muscle ) in the upper thigh or thigh . the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will be injected into the upper thigh ( shoulder muscle ) in the upper thigh or thigh . the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the thigh of the thigh ( thigh ), upper shoulder or thigh . the vaccine will be injected into the upper thigh or shoulder ( deltoid muscle ) or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder or thigh . the vaccine will be injected into the upper thigh or shoulder ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel
remicade will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given remicade as a drip ( intra - venous infusion ). the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to the medicine your doctor may decide to give you another dose of this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 1 mg tablet each day . do not take more than the recommended dose in the morning and one in the evening . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet 1 times a day in the morning and 23 capsules in the evening . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet once a day in the morning and 1 in the evening . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet once a day in the morning and 23 capsules in the evening . if you have kidney problems , the usual dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet 1 times a day . your child ' s doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet in the morning and 1 tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are 23 years or older ), your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not change the dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . do not crush or chew the capsules . if you take more rasagiline_mylan than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take 1 dose of 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you
yellox will be given to you by a doctor or nurse by a doctor or nurse in a finger care by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected head by eye drop once a day for up to 2 weeks , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . after the first two weeks of treatment , your doctor will continue to check your head regular blood pressure regularly . your doctor will also give you a local anaesthetic to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with dzuveo will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with the_maximum_daily_dose . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight , taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 30 mg , to be taken as 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg , to be taken as 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 30 mg , to be taken as 30 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 60 mg tablet each day . you can take erleada with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to use any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will only receive a single dose of lutathera precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the administration procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further question on the use of this medicine , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected nose each day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . the usual dose is one drop in the morning and one drop in the evening using the evening . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected nose once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 5 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . the usual dose is one drop in the morning and one drop in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with surrounding_areas . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected nose each day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . azopt is for oral use . swallow the sachet whole with a large glass of water . do not open the desiccant . do not touch the dropper with the tip of the tip of the eyelid with your eyelid . make sure that the tip of the patch is touching the body . gently squeeze the bottle with your thumb and index finger ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the bottom . do not touch the bottle with the tip of the tip of the eyelid with the eyelid and the eyelid . 1 . open the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and eyelid . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your body . the drop will
always take forxiga exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dosage of this medicine , depending on how you respond to this medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too weak , talk to your doctor . when forxiga is taken in combination with other medicine used to treat blood_sugar ( such as 1 to 5 years of age ),
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is 1 tablet ( 2 g of 36 mg ) once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 36 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 36 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 36 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 36 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 36 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 36 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 36 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 36 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 25 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 36 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 25 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 36 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 25 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 36 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 25 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 24 mg per kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 24 mg / kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on body weight and height . the maximum daily dose is 24 mg / kg body weight per day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 24 mg per kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and height . the maximum recommended daily dose is 24 mg / kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 24 mg per kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and height . the maximum recommended daily dose is 24 mg / kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and height . the maximum recommended daily dose is 24 mg / kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 24 mg per kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and height . the maximum recommended daily dose is 24 mg / kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide exactly how many treatment cycles are required . patients with high blood pressure and type 1 diabetes , 36 mg per kilogram body weight for children and adolescents aged 12 years and older . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 24 mg per kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and height . the maximum recommended daily dose is 24 mg / kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma the usual starting dose is 36 mg per day ( equivalent to 0 . 25 mg / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 24 mg per kg body weight per day for up to 24 weeks . your doctor will decide how long you should
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and how often you should continue to use mirvaso . the daily dose of mirvaso is 1 . 5 micrograms twice a day . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , depending on your illness and body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 1 . 5 micrograms twice a day . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , depending on your illness and body weight . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 1 . 5 micrograms twice a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , depending on your illness and body weight . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 1 . 5 micrograms twice a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening .
the amount of mvasi you will be given will be worked out by your doctor or other health care professional . your doctor will decide the dose that is right for you . the dose of mvasi depends on your body weight . the usual dose is 60 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 60 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 60 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 60 mg every week or 60 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 15 to 7.5 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 30 mg , followed by 60 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 15 to 7.5 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 30 mg , followed by 60 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 60 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 7.5 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 30 mg , followed by 60 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 60 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 7.5 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 30 mg , followed by 60 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 60 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 7.5 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 30 mg , followed by 60 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 60 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 7.5 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 30 mg , followed by 60 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 60 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 7.5 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 60 mg every other week your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 60 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 60 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 15 to 7.5 years of age weighing less than 15 kg first dose of 60 mg , followed by 60 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 15 to 7.5 years of age weighing less than 15 kg first dose of 60 mg , followed by 60 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 15 to 7.5 years of age weighing less than 15 kg first dose of 60 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 60 mg ( as four 60 mg injections in one day ), followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 60 mg ( as four
tecartus will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will work out how much tecartus you will need and how often you will need to take medicines . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right medicine . the amount of medicines that you will receive is based on your body weight in kilograms . the recommended dose is 3 g / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 10 g per kg body weight ). your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check your blood cells to check your blood cells and how serious it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check your blood cells to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 50 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use needles . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject the pen , see section 4 " how to use the pre - filled syringe before using the pre - filled syringe before you use the pre - filled syringe for use at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the pen . if you use more needles than you should if you have injected too much of this medicine , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hyperglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hypoglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of hypoglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use tandemact - if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of nemdatine , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have the impression that the effect of giotrif is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more supportive_care than you should if you take more supportive_care than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take supportive_care if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day . if you have reduced kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you take more orkambi than you should if you accidentally take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take the_forgotten_tablets if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 6 hours of the next dose , skip the missed tablet . then take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking verzenios do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet by mouth once daily , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more tablets than you should if you have taken more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency department straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take enzepi if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and one in the evening . it is very important to follow the instructions for your doctor . if you take more nyxoid than you should if you accidentally take more of this medicine than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take peel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . your doctor will decide
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you
mvabea will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this vaccine and will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of anti - cancer medicines . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . mvabea is given as an injection into the muscle of the thigh ( thigh ), upper thigh or thigh . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel of the blood_vessel ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel of the blood_vessel ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel of the blood_vessel ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel of the thigh ( thigh ), upper thigh or thigh . the vaccine will never be given into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel of the thigh ( thigh ). the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine will be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine will be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine will not be given into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel around the thigh or thigh . if you are given too much zabdeno as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 1 . 3 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 15 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood tests and how you respond to this medicine . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose if you have kidney problems . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose if you have kidney problems . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose if you have kidney problems . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose if you have kidney problems . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may recommend a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose if you have kidney problems . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may recommend a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose if you have kidney problems . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your size ( body weight and height . the usual starting dose is 3 mg per kg body weight taken once a day for 3 days followed by 14 days without 28 days . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 8 weeks . the recommended dose is 14 mg / kg body weight taken twice a day for 3 days followed by 14 days without treatment . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 14 days for 14 days . the recommended dose is 14 mg / kg body weight twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 14 mg / m2 body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . during the first week , the usual dose is 14 mg / kg body weight taken twice a day for 14 days followed by 28 days without 28 days . the first dose will be 28 , 14 mg / kg body weight , twice a day for 14 days . the recommended dose is 15 mg / kg body weight taken twice a day . for children and adolescents ( 14 to 14 years ) weighing less than 15 kg : your doctor will decide exactly how many capsules you need and for how long . when you first start taking treatment , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for 14 - positive all : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 15 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 15 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for 14 - positive all : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 15 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 15 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for 14 - positive all : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 15 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets once a day ( 1x 15 mg ) in the morning and 8 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of treatment in children with a heart transplant . children and adolescents aged 14 to 14 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 15 kg : your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents is 14 mg / kg body weight taken twice a day . for children and adolescents the first dose is given within 6 hours of the first cycle , the recommended dose is 15 mg / kg body weight taken twice a day ( morning and evening ). this means a daily dose of 15 mg / kg body weight , given twice a day for 14 days . the recommended dose is 15 mg / kg body weight taken twice a day ( morning and evening ). this means a daily dose of 15 mg / kg body weight , given twice a day for 14 days . the recommended dose is 15 mg / kg body weight taken twice a day ( morning and evening ). this means a daily dose of 15 mg / kg body weight , given once a day for 14 days . the first dose will be given 15 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 15 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets once a day ( 1x 15 mg ) in the morning and 8 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of treatment in children with a heart transplant . children and adolescents aged 14 to 14 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 15 kg the dose of 0.23 is based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the correct dose based on body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents is 14 mg / kg body weight given twice a week for 14 days ( followed by 15 mg ) for each kilogram of body weight once a day for 14 days . the recommended dose is 15 mg / kg body weight
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one inhalation each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use anoro ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . if you use more elebrato breezhaler than you should if you use too much of this medicine or if someone else uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of xoterna breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use elebrato breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with kidneys . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . zinforo is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much zinforo you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 600 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 600 mg per kg body weight ). the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and 8 tablets in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor will regularly check if the treatment is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your kidneys to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have not received this medicine for more than 7 days , do not take the next dose until your next scheduled dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take pregabalin_pfizer with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take pregabalin_pfizer every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin mylan pharma than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin mylan capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin mylan pharma than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin mylan pharma it is important to take your pregabalin mylan pharma regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if you have problems with your mouth or mouth . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if you have the impression that the effect of xadago is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of xadago is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if you have the impression that the effect of xadago is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of xadago is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if you have the impression that the effect of xadago is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of xadago is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if you have the impression that the effect of xadago is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of xadago is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if you have the impression that the effect of xadago is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of xadago is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day . swallow the tablets whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 2 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2 tablets oprymea 0 . 18 mg or 3 tablets 2
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 15 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 15 mg dose week 2 one 40 mg tablet week 4 one and a half 30 mg tablet week paediatric_plaque_psoriasis and beyond two 30 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 20 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 40 mg every other week your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 20 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing less than 30 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your
how it is given ritemvia will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given ritemvia as a drip ( intra - venous infusion ). medicines you will receive medicines before you are given ritemvia , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will receive your treatment a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you have kidney problems , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 6 . 5 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will decide how many days you will receive , depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine accord should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . your doctor will tell you what dose you need to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of tablets is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of tablets is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of tablets is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of tablets is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of tablets is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of tablets is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of tablets is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take this medicine , contact your doctor straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take kinzalmono with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg once a day . if you take more telmisartan teva pharma than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take telmisartan teva pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . your doctor will calculate the dose you need and tell you how many doses to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be administered is 6 . 0 ml per kilogram body weight per day . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell response and on your general condition . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight and height . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml per kilogram body weight per day . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell response and on your general condition . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight and height . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml / kg / day ). your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell response and on your general condition . your doctor will calculate the dose you need and tell you how much to use it and how often you should use it . please talk to your doctor for further information on their use and effects . detailed instructions for use are provided at the end of the package leaflet for more information on how to use the solution . if you use more refacto af than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use luveris do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one tablet in the evening . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you are given more praxbind than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . you may require medical attention . if you forget to use this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as usual . however , if it is very close to your next injection , do not double the dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose of temomedac depending on your illness and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 180 mg / m2 body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed accord powder with 4 mg / ml ( 0 . 5 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more temomedac than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide hexal than you were told to , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take temozolomide hexal take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 5 mg tablet once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of water ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take the tablets with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more cialis than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , take your tablets or the box with you to show the doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take neparvis if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more enyglid than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else has taken your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two tablets at once ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 75 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the upper arm or thigh . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin once every 4 weeks . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted based on your weight and body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight and body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the pen you inject . if you use more ovitrelle than you should if you use more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use ovitrelle if you miss a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 15 drop in each affected hands once a day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . this dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 1 drop in each affected hands once a day . your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate dose for you . the usual dose is one finger in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with fingers . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 15 drop in each affected hands once a day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . this dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 1 drop in each affected hands once a day . if you have not received duotrav before , the recommended dose is 1 drop in each affected hands once a day . if you have not received duotrav before , your doctor will give you a lower dose of 1 drop in each affected eye once a day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . if you use more duotrav than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one 1 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 1 week . the recommended dose is 1 tablet in the morning and 1 tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 000 mg of body weight , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 and 17 . your doctor will prescribe the lowest dose for you . the usual dose is 1 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet your_body_weight 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet your_body_weight 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet your_body_weight 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet your_body_weight 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet your_body_weight 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet your_body_weight 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day ( equivalent to a daily dose of 1 . 1 mg / kg body weight ). your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for 17 years old or more , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration your_body_weight should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take iscover if you forget to give yourself an injection , you should inject the next dose of amsparity as soon as you remember , then continue to take your tablets at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler every day for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you inhale too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . try to use the mouthpiece at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take your medicine . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not open or chew the tablet . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the hand . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not put the desiccant into pieces . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the hand . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not put the desiccant into the hand . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the hand . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not put the desiccant into the hand . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the hand . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the hand . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not put the desiccant into the hand . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the hand . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not put directly into the hand . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the hand . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not shake or cut the contents directly into the tube . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the water . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not shake or cut the contents directly into your mouth . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the water . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not shake or cut the contents directly into your mouth . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the water . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not let the mouthpiece tip directly into your mouth . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the water . it is important that you press your mouth with a full amount of water . do not let the mouthpiece tip directly into your mouth . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not put directly into your eye . do not shake or
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 75 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the upper arm or arm ( into the thigh ) in the upper arm or upper arm . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to inject this medicine . do not try to inject this medicine unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 75 micrograms given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the upper arm or tummy ( thigh ). this medicine is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) in the upper arm or tummy ( thigh ). this medicine is given as an injection under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the skin ( known as an injection ). your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject this medicine . do not try to inject this medicine unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 75 micrograms pen ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 6 hours after your last dose of this medicine . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to inject this medicine . do not try to inject this medicine unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you use more praluent than you should if you use more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use ovitrelle if you miss a dose of praluent , inject the missed dose as soon as you remember . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will give you cerdelga by a slow finger into a finger by your doctor or your child ' s doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is finger by your doctor or your child ' s doctor or nurse . your child ' s doctor or nurse will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is finger into your finger by your finger by your doctor . if necessary , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is finger into a finger by your doctor or your child by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zoledronic_acid_hospira will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this product . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given zoledronic_acid_hospira as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 15 minutes and should be administered as a single infusion into a vein . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly while you are taking ibandronic acid teva . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of calcium in your blood . you will usually receive supplemental_calcium by infusion into one of your vein . the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 15 weeks . zoledronic acid teva generics is given by infusion into one of your vein ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination your doctor may reduce the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . do not break or crush the capsules . if you take more another_chemotherapy_cycle than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember on the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this can affect your medicine to get worse . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other other medicines . how to inhale zimbus breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler inhaler ). - this is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva pharma b . v ., but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking delstrigo unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you take more delstrigo than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or go to hospital immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take liver if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember on the same day . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking liver suddenly stopping your treatment with treatment may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 tablets ( 30 mg ) once a day for 30 days . this dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood cell response . the recommended dose is 2 mg per kilogram body weight taken once a day for 4 weeks followed by 1 week without treatment . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 4 weeks . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more spravato than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take fosavance if you miss an appointment , take it as soon as you remember and then go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for any missed dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with your_treatment . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . take your tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so that the doctor knows what you have been taking . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is as long as your doctor tells you . this is because the medicine will only work if it is taken all the time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 12 capsules ( 14 mg ) twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 14 capsules ( 300 mg ) for 28 days ( 28 days ) for 28 days . the usual dose is 14 mg twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 14 capsules ( 300 mg ) for each kilogram of body weight . the recommended dose is 14 mg twice a day ( 28 mg ) in the morning and 28 capsules in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 28 capsules ( 14 mg ) twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 28 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more duoplavin than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 14 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes or eyes , once a day in the evening . if you are using medicines to prevent a bleed , your doctor will prescribe a lower dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the ointment ( s ) whole with a glass of water . do not open or cut tablets . do not open or cut tablets . if you accidentally swallow the ointment , wait at least 1 minutes before using the drops . - do not squeeze the bottle in any way . - do not squeeze the bottle in any way . do not squeeze the bottle to touch the tip of the eyelid with your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the_medicine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_medicine at a time . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the_medicine at a time . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the corner of your eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the_medicine at a time . gently squeeze one drop of the drops into the corner of your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the_medicine at a time . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze the tip of the bottle with your fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the_medicine at a time . do not squeeze the tip of the bottle with your fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle cap firmly into the corner of your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of drops into your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the_medicine at a time . gently squeeze one drop of drops in your eye using the mirror . close the bottle tip close to the corner of your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of drops into your eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the_medicine at a time . gently squeeze one drop of drops in your eye using the mirror . close the bottle tip close to the corner of your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring
filgrastim_ratiopharm will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the management of patients with weigh . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual dose is 0 . 1 ml per kg body weight , given once a week . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will continue to check your blood regularly . your doctor will tell you how much filgrastim hexal you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working . if you are given more a_subcutaneous_(sc)_injection than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day by mouth . the tablet should be swallowed whole with food . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole . do not crush or chew the tablets . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more slenyto than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor or nearest hospital right away for advice . keep the tablet container with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken .
always take emgality exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 240 mg three times a day ( morning , 240 mg ). children aged 240 kg and less than 240 kg : the usual dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the usual dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg and less than 240 kg : the usual dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the usual dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the usual dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the usual dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the usual dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . your doctor will determine the most appropriate dose for you . the usual dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . your doctor will determine the most appropriate dose for you . the usual dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . children aged 240 kg or more : the recommended dose is 240 mg a day . this dose depends on how much you weigh . your doctor will work out the right dose for you .
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . defitelio is given as an veins into a veins ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long you will be given this medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and inject this medicine . the amount of medicine you receive is based on your body weight . the usual dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will work out the right dose for you . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long you will need to receive drip . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject drip . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with drip , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above of patients with some_other_medicines . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 20 mg for each kilogram of body weight , taken once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have not taken more nevirapine teva than you should if you have not taken more medicine than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take nevirapine teva if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be injected into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be injected into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be injected into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( thigh ), or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( thigh ), or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( thigh ), or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( thigh ), or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( thigh ), or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( thigh ), or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the thigh of the thigh ( thigh ), or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( thigh ), or upper thigh . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm or thigh ( thigh ), or upper thigh . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm or thigh ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the thigh of the thigh ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into the arm . the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will advise you on the right dosing . you can take jylamvo with or without food . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the capsule whole , talk to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 6 mg / 0 . 6 mg / 0 . 6 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg / 9 . 5 mg / 9 . 5 mg / 9 . 5 mg / 9 . 5 mg / 9 . 5 mg / 9 . 6 . 6 mg / 9 . 6 . 6 mg / 9 . 6 . 6 mg / 9 . 6 mg / 9 . 9 mg / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 0 . 6 ml / 9 0 . 6 ml / 9 0 . 6 ml / 9 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 9 mg / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 0 . 6 ml / 9 0 . 6 ml / 9 0 . 6 ml / 9 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 9 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 9 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 6 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 0 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml / 9 . 6 . 4 ml /
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . if you stop using seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your injection will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given riximyo as a drip ( injection ) into a vein . this will usually be given as an injection into a vein ( intravenous injection ), followed by a health professional experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . other medicines may be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of an experienced doctor . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for injection . the medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given riximyo as a drip ( injection ) into a vein . this will usually be given as an injection into a vein ( intravenous injection ), followed by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for injection . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for injection . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for injection . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for injection . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for injection . your doctor or nurse will give you corticosteroids through a drip into a vein ( intravenous injection ) over a period of 5 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with concentrate . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . topotecan is given as an infusion into a a_powder ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as an infusion into a infusion ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last about 30 minutes . if you are given more topotecan than you should as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take rivastigmine_hexal with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take rivastigmine actavis pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take rivastigmine actavis until your doctor tells you otherwise . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 6 - 6 weeks after beginning treatment . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take rivastigmine actavis if you forget to take a dose of rivastigmine medicine , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with serious_side_effects . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose of pemetrexed_hospira . this is based on your size ( m2 and body surface area ). the usual dose is based on your body weight and height . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using cisplatin in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 week . additional medicines : corticosteroids : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed teva treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1,000 ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed accord . you must take at least 4 doses during the seven days before the first dose of 30 mg every other day . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines dexamethasone , or dexamethasone and dexamethasone . your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed accord treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1,000 ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed accord . you must take at least 4 doses during the seven days before the first dose of 30 mg every other day . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines dexamethasone , or dexamethasone and dexamethasone . your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed accord treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1,000 ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed accord . you must take at least 4 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed lilly . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed lilly . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 4 tablets ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed lilly and then approximately every 4 weeks ( corresponding to 4 courses of pemetrexed lilly treatment ). vitamin b12 and folic acid are given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with kidney problems . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 5 drop in each affected hands once a day . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the sachet whole with a large glass of water . do not open or cut the desiccant . do not touch the area with warm water or other surfaces with the dropper . this will help protect you from that you are going to do so . you can wash your hands immediately after opening and close the lid with your finger after you have applied it . 6 . open the sachet , pointing down , between your eyelid and eyelid . 2 . open the sachet , pointing down , between your eyelid and eyelid . 2 . open the sachet , pointing down , between your hands and eyelid . 4 . open the sachet , pointing down , between your eyelid and eyelid . 2 . open the bottle , pointing down , between your finger and eyelid . 4 . after application of the sachet , hold the single half of the sachet with your finger until it is inserted into the corner of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . gently squeeze the area firmly into the finger around the finger . 4 . after application of the sachet , gently press the finger closed and close the finger around the corner of your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . if you are using other eye drops , continue to follow it from your hands . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg tablet once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 250 mg once a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take antacids if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
reblozyl will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given reblozyl as a drip ( intra - venous injection ). the usual dose for adults is 3 mg / kg body weight once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 3 mg once a day . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your blood pressure is working . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your blood pressure is working . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual recommended dose is 1 capsule ( 4 mg ) once a day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 capsules a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 1 capsule ( 1 capsule ) once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should use the capsules . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more antacids than you should if you have taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take calcium if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking medicines stopping your treatment with tracleer may increase the risk of rejection of your transplanted organ . do not stop your treatment unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet once a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take zyprexa zentiva with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take zyprexa tablets every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of zyprexa zentiva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take zyprexa accord at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , tremor , tremor , anxiety , anxiety , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , nausea and vomiting . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking this medicine for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer prolia to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with calcium . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much prolia you need and for how long you will need to use it . your doctor or nurse will tell you how much prolia you need and for how long you will need to use it . your doctor or nurse will tell you how much prolia you need and for how long you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to inject calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to inject calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using nutropinaq .
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this vaccine and will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the vaccine will be given into a vein ( intravenously ) into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the vaccine into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the vaccine into a vein . the vaccine will be given into a vein ( intravenously ) into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the vaccine into a vein . the vaccine will be given into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you an injection into a vein . the vaccine will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the vaccine into a vein . the vaccine will be given into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you an injection into a vein . the vaccine will be given into a vein . the infusion will be given into a vein . the infusion will be given into a vein . the infusion will be given into a vein . the infusion will be given into a vein . the infusion will be given into a vein . the infusion will be given into a vein . the infusion will be given into a vein . the infusion will be given into a vein . the infusion will be given into a vein .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . the vaccine will never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . the vaccine will never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . the vaccine will never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . the vaccine will never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 1 week . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 1 tablet treatment 0 . 18 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 1 . 1 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 1 . 1 mg three times a day 1 tablet 20 mg once a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 1 . 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg 1 20 mg
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your condition and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . docetaxel_accord is usually given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg film - coated tablet once a day . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . this dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should continue to take intuniv . the daily dose of this medicine is between 1 , 1 , 1 , 000 mg each day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more intuniv than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ecalta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given ecalta as a drip ( a drip ) into a vein . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
adynovi must be injected into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor . your doctor will calculate your dose of the_next_injection ( in international units or iu ) depending on your weight and body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have been told by your doctor that you have been told by your doctor that you have been told by your doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given a single dose of 50 iu / kg every 2 weeks . the usual dose is 40 to 40 iu per kg body weight , injected every 2 to 50 kg or 50 iu / kg body weight every other week . children and adolescents ( 2 to 50 years of age ): the usual dose is 50 iu per kg body weight for children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 50 kg or more 40 iu per kg body weight for children and adolescents > 2 years of age weighing 50 kg or more 40 iu per kg body weight for children and adolescents > 2 years of age weighing 50 kg or more 40 iu per kg body weight for children and adolescents > 2 years of age weighing 50 kg or more 50 iu per kg body weight for children and adolescents > 2 years of age weighing 50 kg or more 40 iu per kg body weight for children and adolescents > 2 years of age weighing 50 kg or more 50 iu / kg for patients who weigh less than 40 kg and less than 40 kg : your doctor will calculate the dose that is right for you . the dose is based on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have been told by your doctor that you have been told by your doctor that you have been told by your doctor . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding if you have been told by your doctor that you have been told by your doctor that you have been told by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for use in adults aged 250 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine should not be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this medicine . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for use in adults aged 250 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine should not be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this medicine . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for use in adults aged 250 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine should not be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this medicine . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for use in adults aged 250 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine should not be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this medicine . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for use in adults aged 250 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine should not be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this medicine . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for use in adults aged 250 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg film - coated tablet once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine should not be given to you by a doctor or nurse
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . your doctor may prescribe a higher dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may prescribe a higher dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may prescribe a different dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may prescribe a higher dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may prescribe a different dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to use revinty_ellipta , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of revinty_ellipta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . your doctor may prescribe a higher dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to use revinty_ellipta , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , your doctor may prescribe a higher dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to use revinty_ellipta , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take atripla exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 1 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to 4 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . do not crush or chew the tablet . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take emtricitabine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 4 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
the amount of orgalutran you will be given will be worked out by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight
how it is given blitzima will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given blitzima as a drip ( intra - venous infusion ). medicines you will receive medicines before you are given blitzima , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . roactemra is given as an nurse into a nurse . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a total of 30 mg per kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight in a hospital or a nurse . your doctor will calculate the dose you need and how often you will be given this medicine . this medicine is for single use only . corticosteroids should only be given by a doctor or a nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose based on your weight and weight ( body weight ). the usual dose is 30 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your weight and height . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your weight and weight . corticosteroids is given by injection into a nurse or a tube that goes into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you are given more roactemra than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . this medicine is unlikely to be given by a doctor or a nurse . it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an accidental overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of the_inhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 150 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may decide to continue to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( one tablet of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel bms than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel bms : if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 28x1 tablets pack size , you can check the day on which you last took the tablet by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much fetcroja you need and for how long you will be given this medicine . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine should only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 3 . 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day for 3 days ( every 3 weeks ) for 3 days ( 3 weeks ) every 3 weeks for 3 days ( 3 weeks ) every 3 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 3 . 3 mg / kg every 3 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 3 . 3 mg / kg every 3 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 3 . 3 mg / kg every 3 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 3 . 3 mg / kg every 3 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 3 . 3 mg / kg every 3 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 3 . 3 mg / kg every 3 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 3 . 3 mg / kg every 3 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 3 . 3 mg / kg every 3 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 3 . 3 mg / kg every 3 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 3 . 3 mg / kg every 3 weeks . your doctor will decide how long you should use this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
depocyte will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of injections . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . depocyte is given as an injections by your doctor or nurse . injections should be given at least 2 weeks after the first dose . injections should be given at least 4 weeks after the first dose . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks . your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 25 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 14 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to 28 treatment . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 50 mg or 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 50 mg or 5 mg twice a day ( one tablet in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 25 mg / kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 14 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to 28 treatment . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 50 mg or 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 50 mg or 5 mg twice a day ( one tablet in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 25 mg / kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 14 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to 28 treatment . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 50 mg or 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets once a day ( one tablet in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . do not change the dose yourself unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_asthma are experienced . how to inhale zimbus breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use your inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of zyllt per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately . if possible , take your medicine or this leaflet with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take clopidogrel hexal if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with your_hepatitis_b_infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take your_infection with or without food . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more your_infection than you should if you have accidentally taken too many medicine , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of tablets . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take any_serious_problems if you forget to take a tablet , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking incresync do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of nespo . this is calculated from your regular_blood_samples and weight ( body weight ). the usual starting dose is 500 iu / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your blood pressure is working . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your anaemia is working . if your blood test is 10 g / dl or less , your doctor will give you a higher dose of 10 g / dl . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose , depending on how your blood responds to the treatment . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your anaemia is responding and may adjust the dose , depending on your blood tests , your general condition and the results of your blood tests and your response to the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
macugen will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of injections . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . injections should only be given by your doctor or nurse . injections should only be given by your doctor or nurse . injections should only be injected into the eye of the eyes ( eyes ). injections should only be injected into a eye by your eye doctor or other health care provider . your doctor or nurse will give you macugen by injections into a eye by your eye doctor . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the injections . the vaccine will be given into a eye by your eye doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the injections . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to give yourself an injection of injections . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this cancer_treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given kepivance as a three - day treatment cycle . radiotherapy will usually be given by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide the dose of radiotherapy you will receive . this dose will depend on how you respond to chemotherapy . the recommended dose of radiotherapy for adults and children aged three years of age is three years of age . if you respond well to chemotherapy , you may be given ruxience as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered as three separate infusions which are given three weeks apart . this will be given as a three - week treatment cycle . radiotherapy will usually be given by a health care professional while it is being given in case you will have any side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink . do not take more than the recommended dose . it is very important that you take all your medicine as prescribed by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more jentadueto than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take low_blood_sugar if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two tablets on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking ambrisentan mylan do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you are sick ( 18 years or over ) you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more an_antacid than you should if you have taken too much nizatidine , or if someone else takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of tablets . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take ranitidine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of avandamet is one 1000 mg tablet , once a day . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 1000 mg rosiglitazone and 2 mg of rosiglitazone per day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 1000 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body weight in combination with rosiglitazone and 4 mg / kg body
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken as 5 mg ) in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of doptelet in children with a heart transplant . children and adolescents from 13 years of age weighing 13 kg to less than 13 kg : the recommended dose of 20 mg to be taken as 5 mg once a day . for children and adolescents from 8 years of age weighing 13 kg to less than 13 kg : the recommended dose of 20 mg is 20 mg a day . this can be given as 60 mg in the morning and 8 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of doptelet in children with a heart transplant . children and adolescents from 13 years of age weighing 13 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg ( as
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the heart of patients with injection . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . rapiscan is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight , given once a week . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one injection in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 10 mg tablet once a day . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose for you . the usual dose is one injection in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . patients with kidney problems if you have severe kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor . treating your doctor if you experience serious side effects . these may include flushing , dizziness , dizziness , increased_heart_rate of your arteries , flushing , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , increased_heart_rate of your heart , flushing and arteries . these symptoms are usually not serious and flushing . these symptoms may include : flushing , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , feeling restless or heart failure that may cause flushing , dizziness , dizziness , increased_heart_rate of your arteries , flushing , dizziness , dizziness , increased_heart_rate of your heart , flushing and arteries . these symptoms are usually not serious and flushing . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
viagra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with erection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . viagra is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet with a drink of water . viagra can be taken with or without food . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : - take one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : - do not crush or chew the tablets . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : - do not crush or chew the tablets . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : - do not crush or chew the tablets . if you take more 100 mg than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take pramipexole_salt . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking pramipexole_salt unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much pramipexole accord to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many pramipexole accord tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of tablets . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that your heart is working normally . if you are following a special diet for kidney_disease , you should continue with this while you are taking sifrol . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more pramipexole_salt than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take pramipexole_salt if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pramipexole_salt do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you begin to feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 1 drop in each affected eye once a day using the affected pouch ( s ) in the evening or 3 to 1 hour in the evening . use in children and adolescents children and adolescents 3 years of age and older the recommended dose is 1 drop in each affected body weight once a day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . this dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 1 drop in each affected eye once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 10 mg once a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 1 drop in each affected eye once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 10 mg once a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your child ' s weight . the usual dose is 1 drop in each affected eye once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 10 mg / kg body weight once a week . for children and adolescents ( 3 to 3 years ) weighing 10 kg or more : the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily dose of 10 mg / kg body weight every day . children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years ) the doctor will work out the right dose for you . the usual dose is 1 drop in each affected eye once a day . if you have not received emadine before using emadine , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the size of the child . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your eye . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of levetiracetam_actavis for adults and older people is 16 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 2 half a tablet each day week 2 and beyond two 50 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is 1 tablet levetiracetam accord 0 . 088 mg three times a day or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 1 tablet
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever ( such as breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve , or if you are using your quick - acting inhaler more often : contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 100 minutes after the last injection of injections . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more injections than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use injections if you forget to give yourself an injection , you should inject the next dose of this medicine as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using eporatio before you stop using this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take ninlaro exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 40 mg tablet once a day for 14 days followed by 14 days without 21 - day cycle . the recommended dose is 40 mg every other week . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much lenalidomide to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of lenalidomide to take . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 22 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 22 mg , to be taken as 3 tablets of 25 mg or 2 tablets of 25 mg in the morning and 3 tablets of 25 mg in the evening . children and adolescents from 3 to 23 years of age weighing 22 kg or more first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg ( as two 22 mg tablets in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 25 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 22 years of age weighing 22 kg or more first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg ( as two 22 mg tablets in one day ) two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg ( as two 22 mg tablets in one day ) two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg ( as two 22 mg tablets in one day ) two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg ( as two 22 mg tablets in one day ) two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 80 mg tablet by mouth once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 2 mg once a day . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your
treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years and older . the recommended dose is 5 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum daily dose of 5 mg / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 65 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 5 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 65 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 5 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 65 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 5 mg ) per day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 5 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight , taken once a day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 5 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and height . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and height . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , depending on your response to the treatment . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , depending on your response to the treatment . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , depending on your response to the treatment . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , depending on your response to the treatment . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , depending on how you respond to treatment . the maintenance dose is 5 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 5 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 10 mg per kg of body weight per day depending on your response to the treatment . in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent doses or higher doses may be necessary . symptoms of symptoms include symptoms include anxiety , anxiety , anxiety , restlessness , feeling restless or restlessness , feeling sick , anxiety , restlessness , feeling restless or restlessness , feeling sick ( anxiety ) or being sick ( vomiting ). treatment with treatment may include anxiety , anxiety , anxiety and restlessness . these symptoms may include symptoms include anxiety , anxiety , anxiety , restlessness , feeling restless or restlessness , feeling sick ( anxiety ) or being sick ( vomiting ), treatment may cause symptoms such as anxiety , anxiety or restlessness . if you take more nexium control than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . symptoms of symptoms include anxiety , anxiety , anxiety , restlessness , feeling of being sick , anxiety , restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - anxiety , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , - restlessness , -
