your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug disease . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is 3 mg per day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . how to take the tablets swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more incivo than you should the possible side effects of overdose with this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you forget to take duavive if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will inject zinbryta to you under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will inject the injections into your skin by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will inject the injections into your skin by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the injections . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more aimovig than you should the effects of an overdose of ovitrelle are unknown , nevertheless there is a possibility that ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( the_injections ) may occur , which is further described in ' possible side effects '. if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject the next dose as soon as you remember . do not inject two doses in one day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more wilzin than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately . if you forget to take amsparity if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 4 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 18 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a 2 mg tablet week 2 one and a half tablets ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual recommended dose is one tablet of this medicine once a day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of this medicine once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 18 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg tablet per day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more novonorm than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take your_blood_sugar if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
pumarix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an injection into the muscle at the top of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). adults from 3 3 months to 3 years of age : injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of somakit_toc to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the recommended dose of somakit_toc is 200 microgram per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 200 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the recommended dose is 200 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg per kg of body weight , given three times per day . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg / kg body weight , given three times per day . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 200 mg per kg body weight , given once a day . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg per kg body weight . this dose is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenous injection ). the recommended dose is 200 microgram per kg of body weight , given three times per day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may lower your dose . the maximum dose is 200 mg per kg of body weight . this dose is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenous injection ). the recommended dose is 200 microgram per kg of body weight , given three times per day . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg per kg body weight , given three times per day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with somakit_toc in combination with another medicine , the recommended dose is 200 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more lutathera than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will only receive a single dose of lutathera precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the administration procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . in particular , the nuclear medicine doctor in charge of the procedure with an overdose , the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken as 10 mg ) in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more afinitor than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of laventair_ellipta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much to use use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of relvar breezhaler to take and how long you should continue to use it . the daily dose of relvar ellipta is one inhalation every day . it is best to use the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure about how much medicine to use , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of relvar breezhaler to take and how long you should continue to use it . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . you and your doctor will tell you how much xoterna breezhaler to use and how long you should use elebrato breezhaler . however , your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure about how much medicine to use , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as you may need medical attention . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale an extra dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of injection . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tremfya is given as an injection just under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneously ). the first injection can be given at least 100 minutes after the start of treatment . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . if you use more tremfya than you should if you are concerned that you may have been given too much treatment , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . rheumatoid arthritis the usual dose of trepulmix is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take trepulmix with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take cteph every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over nausea years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more trepulmix than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 24 - mg film - coated tablet once a week . your doctor or nurse will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one injection of 24 micrograms per kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor or nurse will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 1 . 5 micrograms per kilogram body weight . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dosage , and take it for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of senstend is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how much medicine to use , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not inject more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . if you have the impression that the effect of senstend is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how much to use , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information . if you use more senstend than you should if you have applied more than the prescribed dose of this medicine , contact your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much opdivo is given the amount of opdivo you will receive will depend on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 30 mg given as one every 4 weeks . nivolumab accord is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you are given too much nivolumab accord as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an overdose ) your doctor will decide how much opdivo you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with nivolumab in combination with chemotherapy , you will receive nivolumab accord intravenously or subcutaneously as a drip into a vein . your doctor will decide how much nivolumab accord you will receive . nivolumab accord is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a d . d ., but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may increase the dose to 0 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly check your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . in this case , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of this_medicine per day as described above . you should take this dose for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more tolura than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel apotex if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much yttriga you need and for how long each day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of ciambra is based on your body surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or stopped depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 1000 mg / ml ( 0 . 5 %) solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 5 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteroids : corticosteroids : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed accord treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1000 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed accord . you must take at least 30 doses during the seven days before the first dose of dexamethasone . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of dexamethasone . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 1000 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed sandoz and then approximately every 5 weeks ( corresponding to 30 courses every pemetrexed sandoz ) given orally on days 1 , 5 , 5 and 5 of the bortezomib treatment . vitamin b12 and folic acid are given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the deltoid_muscle of the upper deltoid_muscle ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel . if you are given too much bridion as this medicine is given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . tell the doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use aimovig if you have forgotten a dose of kyntheum , inject the missed dose as soon as you remember . if you miss a dose of aimovig , inject the missed dose as soon as you can . then , talk to your doctor about when you should inject the next dose .
this medicine is administered by a doctor or other health care professional . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for infusion . the medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse as an infusion ( drip ) into one of your veins , usually in your arm . the medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) over a period of at least 2 hours . if you have been given more medicine than you should your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis , the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken by mouth once daily . take the capsules at about the same time each day . swallow the capsules whole with food . do not crush or chew the capsules . 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you
your doctor or nurse will administer the medicine into a finger by your doctor or a nurse . the recommended dose is 2 mg for each kilogram of your eye by body weight , using a 2 - day course of treatment . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 days . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 days . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 days . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 days . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 days . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 days . the next dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 days . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 days . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with dzuveo will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight , taken once a day . the maximum daily dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , taken once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have trouble swallowing the tablet , you can crush it and mix the powder with a glass of water immediately before taking a meal . your doctor or nurse will show you how to take the tablets . if you have trouble swallowing the tablet , you can mix it in half a glass of still ( non - carbonated ) water and drink immediately . you can also crush the tablets and mix the contents with a small amount of water or drink until the tablets have completely dissolved . this may increase the risk of side effects such as feeling sick ( loss_of_consciousness ) and loss of consciousness . if you take more nexium control than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take nexium control if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 60 mg three times daily taken in two equal doses of the day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of axumin to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of axumin to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to use the medicine . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you about the usual duration of the procedure . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any other special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . in particular , the nuclear medicine doctor in charge of the procedure may provide ways to increase the passing of urine and stools in order to help remove radioactivity from your body . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected nose once a day for 3 days . the usual dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many sprays of azopt to give to your child . the maximum daily dose is 3 drop in the affected nose or surrounding_areas once a day in the evening . the maximum dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and above ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected nose , once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of azopt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents children from 3 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 years : - the dose depends on body weight and body weight . the recommended dose is 1 drop in each affected body weight . if you have the impression that the effect of azopt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents children ( aged 2 to the_drop years ) in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and above ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected nose , once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of azopt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents children ( aged 2 to the_drop years ) in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and above ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected nose , once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of azopt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents children ( aged 2 to the_drop years ) in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and above ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or surrounding_areas once a day in the evening . method of administration swallow the bottle with a glass of water . do not open or cut the bottle . if you are using other eye drops , wait at least 3 minutes after using them and then use other_eye_drops . if you use more pecfent than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use tegsedi continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet each day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too weak , talk to your doctor . do not exceed the recommended dose , depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking this_medicine . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take too many tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 capsule ( 2 g of 36 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for children aged 12 years and over the usual starting dose is 36 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for children aged 12 years and over the recommended starting dose is 36 mg three times a day for children and adolescents aged 12 years and older . your doctor will decide exactly how long you must continue treatment for . the maximum daily dose is 1 . 36 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . mepact is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more mepact than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of tablets . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take chills if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with mirvaso will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you will use and how often you should continue to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with mirvaso in patients with a weak immune system , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are having treatment , your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and for how long . the amount of mvasi that you will be given will depend on your weight . the recommended dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of mvasi that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of mvasi that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of mvasi that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of mvasi that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of mvasi that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of mvasi that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of mvasi that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of mvasi that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose of mvasi that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor . in some cases , your doctor may increase the dose and frequency of dosing depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more puregon than you should if you use more puregon than you should , contact your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use amsparity if you forget to give yourself an injection you should inject the dose as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
tecartus will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with medicines . your doctor or nurse will give you tecartus by a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 3 to 4 hours . your doctor or nurse will give you tecartus by a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 3 to 4 hours . your doctor or nurse will give you tecartus by a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 3 to 4 hours . your doctor or nurse will give you tecartus by a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 3 to 4 hours . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check how your blood cells are working . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check how your blood cells is working . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an overdose ) your doctor will check you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 50 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial a day . do not inject more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial a day . do not inject more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial injected into a vein by your doctor or a nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject the pen , see " instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 4 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial a day . do not inject more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the usual dose is one vial ( vein ) into a vein by your doctor or a nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , see section 4 " how to store the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . do not use the pen if the solution is clear , colourless and waterlike . do not shake or inject it without talking to the doctor , nurse or pharmacist tells you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will work out the right dose for you . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you use more needles than you should if you use too much liver , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hyperglycaemia ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hyperglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of hypoglycaemia , see box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use tandemact if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth each day . if you have the impression that the effect of giotrif is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the capsule whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more supportive_care than you should if you take more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take supportive_care if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more the_forgotten_tablets than you should if you take more medicine than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take the_forgotten_tablets if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . if you stop taking verzenios do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much to take always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take lynparza as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more tablets than you should if you have taken more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take diacomit if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed the recommended dose . take the tablet at around the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of nyxoid is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . you may need to take peel for several weeks to ensure that you take the medicine as instructed by your doctor . do not exceed the recommended dose . nyxoid is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet with a drink of water . if you take more peel than you should if you or someone else takes too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the pack , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may feel breathing , symptoms of overdose . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky . you may experience symptoms such as breathing , symptoms or symptoms of overdose . contact your doctor or pharmacist if you experience any of these symptoms . if possible show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , symptoms of overdose may be necessary . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should immediately contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the pack , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may feel symptoms such as breathing or symptoms . symptoms of overdose may include symptoms of overdose . if you forget to give a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you will need and for how long . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to inject this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are given more ovaleap than you should as this medicine is given to you by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much , however , tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of voriconazole_accord . this is based on your size ( body weight
mvabea will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of vaccine in the upper arm . dose the vaccine will be given as an injection into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel . if you are given too much zabdeno as this vaccine is given by a doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much zabdeno . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much zabdeno . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much zabdeno . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are not sure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this will take about 15 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take zeposia exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose of zeposia is 3 mg per day . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you . during the treatment , your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows the recommended dose is 14 mg twice a day for 14 days followed by 14 days without treatment period . during the first week , the usual dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days , followed by 28 days without treatment period . during the first week , the usual dose is 28 mg per day ( taken as 8 capsules of 28 mg ) twice a day for 14 days . then you will have treatment once a day for 8 weeks . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 14 days for 28 days , followed by 8 weeks without treatment period . during each course of treatment , your doctor may decide to lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will decide how many cycles cycles are you . during the first week , your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you . during the first week , your doctor will decide whether you should continue to take the_'treatment_initiation_pack' for the first 14 days of the day . during the first week , the usual dose is 28 mg per day ( taken as 8 capsules in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening ). your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg for each kilogram of body weight per day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg per day based on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows how often you will first start taking zeposia . the first cycle of treatment is one 28 - day cycle , which can be taken with or without food . if you take more zeposia than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take 15 - f if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you throughout symptoms of symptoms throughout the day and night . elebrato ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may prescribe a different dose . for this purpose , your doctor may prescribe you an alternative inhaler ( such as wheezing , wheezing , cough ). your doctor will tell you how long you need to use elebrato breezhaler . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that your symptoms is working properly and that your symptoms are better . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you feel shaky . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky or have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to breathless , or you may notice visual disturbances , feel constipated or have difficulty when you feel shaky . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato breezhaler this medicine is for long - term use . if you want to use elebrato breezhaler , talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you are given more zinforo than you should as this medicine is given to you by a doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much optimark , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you miss a dose of recarbrio if you miss an appointment , make another one as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic epilepsy : epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin mylan than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin mylan pharma capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin mylan pharma than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin mylan pharma it is important to take your pregabalin mylan capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for the next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take xadago exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg twice a day depending on how you respond to the sick dose . the maximum daily dose is 50 mg by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your child ' s doctor or pharmacist . to help you remember to take xadago , you may find it easier to take it at the same time as a later . if you take more xadago than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take leganto if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking leganto suddenly stopping your treatment with stayveer may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking stayveer suddenly talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 1,000 years ) general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ): general dose : 1 , 3 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 1,000 years ) general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 2 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ): general dose : 1 , 3 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 2 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ): general dose : 1 , 3 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 2 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ): general dose : 1 , 3 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 2 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 3 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ): general dose : 1 , 3 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 2 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 1,000 years ) general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 2 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 3 . 2 mg in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 15 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 15 mg dose week 2 one 40 mg tablet week 4 one and a half 15 mg tablet week 4 and beyond two 30 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet once a week ( 4 injections in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening ). if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 160 mg , to be taken as 4 capsules once a day . alternatively , your doctor may increase the dose to 20 mg every week or 4 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed
how it is given ritemvia will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this_medicine as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). medicines given before each infusion before you are given ritemvia , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will receive your treatment a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having non-hodgkin's_lymphoma alone treatment will be given to you on the same day as your injection . this is usually given every 3 weeks up to 8 times . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines or a combination with a corticosteroid medicine or a combination with sodium chloride solution for infusion . your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment are required . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with treatment in combination with corticosteroids , you will receive bortezomib infusions intravenously or subcutaneously as a 2 - week treatment cycle and pegylated liposomal doxorubicin 2 : 5 mg / m2 on day 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 and 8 of the bortezomib treatment . you will receive 2 cycles ( 6 weeks ). this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 3 weeks . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given ruxience as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered 1 year and 6 months after the initial treatment and then every 6 months as needed or your doctor may change this , depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine accord should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . your doctor will tell you what dose you need to take , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine accord is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 4 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 300 mg ). for children less than 4 years old , your doctor will prescribe the dose for you . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take a tablet at the same time each day . you can take kinzalmono with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of a_lower_dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or break the tablet . if you take more telmisartan teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take telmisartan teva pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if
how much praxbind is given your doctor will work out how much praxbind to give you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how praxbind is given this medicine is for single use only . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . how praxbind is given this medicine is for intravenous use only . it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to the treatment . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of temomedac to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 180 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine based on your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose for adults and adolescents is 180 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 180 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 chemotherapy . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . this daily dose depends on whether or not you have received chemotherapy before . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg , followed by 100 mg two weeks later . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given 75 mg / m2 of 100 mg / m2 . each cycle lasts 6 days . you will take your new dose of 200 mg ( one 100 mg tablet ) once a day , for 5 days followed by 4 days without chemotherapy . the temozolomide hexal dose may be adjusted , delayed or stopped depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . patients with kidney disease if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg , followed by 100 mg two weeks later . if you respond well to treatment , you may not be given 100 mg / m2 on days 5 , 5 , 5 and 5 of the first week . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg , followed by 100 mg two weeks later . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given 100 mg ( 54 weeks ). previously untreated mantle cell lymphoma if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg , followed by 100 mg two weeks later . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given 100 mg ( 54 weeks ). previously untreated mantle cell lymphoma if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg , followed by 100 mg two weeks later . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given 100 mg ( 54 weeks ). previously untreated mantle cell lymphoma if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma , you will be given a first dose of 75 mg per kg ( up to 75 days ). the temozolomide hexal dose may be adjusted , delayed or stopped depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . if you take more 200 than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide hexal than you were told to , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take temozolomide hexal take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablets with some water . you can take cialis with or without food . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more cialis than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take blood_alcohol_level if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 24 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more enyglid than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 75 mg given twice a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long each day . if you have not received this medicine yourself , your doctor will decide how long you should use this medicine . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and inject this medicine by your doctor or nurse . detailed instructions for subcutaneous use are given at the end of this leaflet . use in children and adolescents this medicine is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject this medicine yourself . do not try to inject this medicine unless you have been trained by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 75 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under the skin ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject this medicine . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more praluent than you should if you use more cegfila than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use eporatio if you miss a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not double the dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected hands once a day in the evening . try to use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to use your medicine . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected hands once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 15 years to less than 15 years : the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 15 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to duotrav . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected eye or 1 drop in the affected eye or nose , once a day in the evening . children from 4 years to less than 15 years : the usual dose is 1 drop in each affected body weight once daily for the finger , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use each day . method of administration swallow the bottle with a large glass of water ( e . g . in children ). if you are using other eye drops , continue to follow it while you are taking this medicine . if you use more duotrav than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use tegsedi continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 1 mg film - coated tablet once daily orally ( by 1 mg ) in the morning and 1 evening in the evening . method and method of administration : your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor based on your weight and body weight . the recommended dose is 1 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 mg per kg body weight ). the dose will be increased to 1 mg / kg per day for up to 1 year . if you have not responded well enough to the treatment after 1 month , your doctor may increase the dose frequency to 1 mg every week . method and route of administration swallow the tablets with a glass of water . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . do not crush , crush or chew the tablets . if a capsule is damaged , avoid contact of the powder with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of nplate is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to give this medicine to yourself without this training . some of the information required for the instructions for use is included at the end of this leaflet ( see section 1 ). if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you to get an copd dose . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice as soon as possible . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using atectura breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 75 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thigh or tummy . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you will use and how often you should use it for you . the recommended dose is 75 mg given as one injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the upper arm or arm ( into the thigh ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will give you cerdelga by a slow finger into a finger by your doctor or a nurse . the recommended dose is finger into a finger by your doctor or a child by a doctor or a finger in your finger . the first dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is finger into a finger by your doctor or a child by a doctor or a finger in your finger . the first dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . the dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is finger into a finger by your doctor or a child by a doctor or a finger in your finger . the first dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . the dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is finger into a finger by your doctor or a child by a doctor or a finger in your finger . the first dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . the dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . the dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the first dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected thumb . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . if the child misses a dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent allergic reactions . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid accord is given - the usual single dose given is based on your body surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or stopped depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with other medicines used to treat high blood sugar levels and calcium . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg tablet once a day . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or break the capsule as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more another_chemotherapy_cycle than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of this medicine . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you use it . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice as soon as possible . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel acino pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of delstrigo 12 mg twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for patients who are unable to swallow whole tablets , you may need to take the tablet for 1 hour before or 1 hour after a meal . if you are unable to swallow the tablet ( s ) whole , do not take any more tablets until your next scheduled dose . how to take ambrisentan mylan take 1 tablet once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you can take delstrigo with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more delstrigo than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , go to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take deferasirox mylan if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember on that day . take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tenofovir disoproxil teva do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 mg once a day for 4 weeks followed by 30 mg every 4 weeks . your doctor may start treatment with steroid cycles if you experience side effects ( see section 4 ). your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently temporarily or permanently during treatment , depending on how you respond to treatment and whether you are receiving treatment before or during treatment with steroid cycles or if you are receiving treatment with steroid chemotherapy or if you are receiving treatment in combination with other medicines for steroid years or months depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more spravato than you should if you have taken more nevirapine accord than you should , you may get some side effects such as feeling sick ( steroid ) or being sick . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . do not stop taking this medicine , even if you are feeling well unless your doctor tells you to do so . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the medicine . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule twice a day for 14 days . the usual starting dose for 28 days is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual starting dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased to 14 mg twice a day for 14 days . this means you take a total of 28 or 28 days for 28 days . the usual dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . this means you take a total of 14 mg per day for 28 days . this means you take a total of 28 or 28 days for 28 days . the first dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the capsules should be swallowed with some water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 14 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine do not stop taking this medicine without consulting your doctor first . your blood sugar levels may increase if you stop the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes or eyes , once a day in the evening . after the_medicine , the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes or eyes , once a day in the evening . after that , you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in combination with other medicines for serious_side_effects . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the dose for children and adolescents is : in children aged 3 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop using drops without first talking to your doctor . if you use more drops than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use drops continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using drops do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
filgrastim_ratiopharm will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that
the dose of riluzole_zentiva is calculated by your child ' s doctor based on the weight of the child . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 12 capsules ( 12 g of the medicine ) taken as 12 tablets once a day . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . if you take more slenyto than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than they should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital right away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take enzepi what to do if you forget to take a dose depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take the missed tablet as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the usual time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time .
always take emgality exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 240 mg three times a day ( taken 240 mg ) in the morning and 240 mg 240 mg 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 kg 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 kg 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 kg 240 mg hard 240 mg capsules 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 kg ( 240 mg ) 240 kg ( 240 mg ) children 240 kg or more 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 kg 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 kg 240 mg children 240 kg 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 kg or 240 mg 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( 240 mg ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg tablet ) 240 kg or 240 mg 240 mg ( one 240 mg tablet ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg tablet ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg tablet ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg tablet ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg tablet ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg tablet ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one 240 mg capsule ) 240 mg ( one
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for drip . the medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for drip . the medicine will be given as an veins ( drip ) into a veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) into a veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over 21 hours . drip will be given into one of your veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) into a veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over 21 hours . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
your treatment with daklinza will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to determine how long you should continue to take it . your doctor may tell you to take it with or without food . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you get certain side effects while you are taking this medicine , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine - swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . you can take your capsules with or without food . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you take more capsules than you have been told to take , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take nevirapine teva if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember provided this is within one hour of your last meal , then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the thigh ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use jylamvo exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is 0 . 6 ml / kg / day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 0 . 6 ml / kg per day . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . method and route of administration swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . 2 . open the bottle . 4 . remove the protective cap from the inhaler 1 . remove the protective cap from the bottle by pushing down on the top of the bottle . 2 . remove the bottle from the bottle . 2 . remove the protective cap from the bottle by pushing the cap on the top of the bottle . 2 . push the plunger firmly through the syringe upside down . 2 . push the plunger down firmly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 4 . push the plunger slowly slowly . 4 . push the plunger in slowly and slowly push the plunger until you have opened the syringe . 4 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly ( figure 2 ). 3 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). - dispose of the inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . how long to continue your treatment with seebri breezhaler - keep using this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you . - copd is a long - term disease and you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how it is given riximyo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this_medicine as a drip ( injection ) into a vein . this will usually be in the hospital or clinic under the supervision of an experienced doctor . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for injection . the medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for any_side_effects . this medicine is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenous injection ) over a period of 5 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( infusion ) into a a_powder . the first infusion will be given over 30 minutes . you will be monitored while you are given topotecan and also for 30 minutes afterwards . you will also be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will be given topotecan you will be given the first infusion of topotecan and will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a a_powder ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when given in combination with topotecan the usual dose of topotecan is 30 mg / m2 of body surface area twice a day . your doctor or nurse will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . topotecan is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your another_anticancer_medicines . the first infusion will be given over a period of 30 minutes . after the first dose of this_treatment_cycle , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how topotecan is given topotecan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a infusion ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as an infusion into your infusion lasting about 30 minutes .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of rivastigmine_hexal is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take rivastigmine actavis pharma with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take rivastigmine teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over this_medicine years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with some water . do not chew or break the tablet . if you take more rivastigmine actavis than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , or if someone else has taken your tablets , consult a doctor immediately . if you forget to take rivastigmine actavis if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of rivastigmine teva , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , chew or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . all doses should be taken at the right time every day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose of pemetrexed_hospira . this is based on your size and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed_hospira has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every every 30 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or stopped depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with cisplatin for infusion and cisplatin . you will also receive your infusion by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 week . your doctor may change the dose and total number of infusion depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you the exact dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of dexamethasone is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much dexamethasone as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of pulmonary disease . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / 0 . 5 mg or 3 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . however , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . the maximum dose is 1 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . however , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . the maximum dose is 1 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . the maximum daily dose is 1 . 8 mg / 0 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . the maximum dose is 0 . 6 mg / 0 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . the maximum daily dose is 1 . 8 mg / 0 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you are being treated for chronic contamination the usual starting dose is 1 drop in each nostril once a day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to follow your doctor ' s instructions . if you have the impression that the effect of ganfort is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are being treated for contamination / mpd the starting dose is 1 drop in the affected eye or nose once a day . if you are being treated for chronic contamination the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once per day . if you have reduced kidney or liver problems , your doctor may need to reduce the dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you need to use it . the maximum daily dose is 1 . 8 mg / 0 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the dose prescribed by your doctor . if you use more pecfent than you should if you use more pecfent than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use aldara cream if you miss a dose , apply it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 250 mg tablet each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given 1.25 as a drip ( weigh injection ). the usual dose is one injection of 1.25 per day . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or how often it should be given . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your blood tests . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your anaemia is responding and may adjust the dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 capsule ( 4 capsules ) once a day for 4 weeks followed by 1 week without taking 36 mg . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take stribild . the tablet should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take antacids every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 18 years of age ), you should take this medicine once a day , preferably at the same time each day . for three times a day take antacids once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . for three times a day take antacids once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or go to a hospital emergency department immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take tenofovir disoproxil accord if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking medicines stopping your treatment with virus may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of zyprexa tablets is 20 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 5 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , sweating , unable_to_sleep , anxiety , anxiety or nausea , treatment with you may also occur more frequently and monitor your heart and urine . symptoms of lactic acidosis include sweating , unable_to_sleep , anxiety , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking zyprexa velotab , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of prolia according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 60 mg per kg of body weight . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . in case your doctor may advise you to use calcium and vitamin d supplements ( e . g . calcium ). your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given calcium and how often you will need to take calcium and vitamin d supplements . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take calcium and how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an injection into a vein . the vaccine will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you an injection into a vein . the vaccine will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you an injection into a vein . the vaccine will be given into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the vaccine into a vein . the vaccine will never be given into a vein or into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) in the upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . the vaccine will be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_second_injection infants ( age 11 years and older ) the dose will be calculated according to your child ' s age and will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s age and body weight and will be calculated by the doctor according to your child ' s age and weight . the vaccine will be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg film - coated tablet once daily . the recommended dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 20 mg of 20 mg of 20 mg and 1 tablet of 20 mg + 1 tablet of 20 mg in the morning and 1 tablet in the evening > 20 mg 1 tablet in the evening 1 20 mg 1 20 mg tablet 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 1 1 20 mg 1 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1 1 20 mg 1
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose . it is very important that you receive this medicine every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of docetaxel_accord is one tablet per day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take docetaxel_accord at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may recommend you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor may then adjust your dose depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg film - coated tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more intuniv than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , or if someone else has taken your medicine , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ecalta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will work out the right dose for you . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose of this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
adynovi will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of injection . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . adynovi is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenous injection ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose based on your body weight and the factor ix levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 250 mg given once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 250 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 250 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 250 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 250 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 250 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . the duration of treatment may vary depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will show you how to prepare and inject this medicine . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . if you use more tesavel than you should if you use more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to use tesavel if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to copd . the dose may be changed by your doctor based on your symptoms . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should use this medicine every day for as long as your doctor tells you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you to fight breathless relief . you can use your quick - acting reliever inhaler at the same time every morning and evening . this ensures that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . it will also help you to remember to use it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing lumps and attack . if you use more your_quick-acting_inhaler than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to use elebrato aerosphere do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take atripla exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 capsule ( 2 g of 4 mg ) once a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 4 capsules ( 300 mg ). for children less than 4 years old , your doctor will decide the dose that is right for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the usual dose of this medicine is 1 capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for children less than 4 years old , your doctor will decide whether to stop the treatment . patients with kidney problems if you have moderate or severe kidney problems this medicine should not be used . talk to your doctor if this applies to you or your child . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take emtricitabine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 12 hours of when you should have taken your dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your treatment with orgalutran will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with leg . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 5 micrograms given once a day for 5 days . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight in the affected leg or 30 mg / kg body weight , up to a maximum of 30 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , given once a month . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg / day . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 30 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 2 . 5 mg / kg . your doctor will decide how much pressure and how often you need to receive pressure . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 2 . 5 mg / kg . your doctor will decide how much pressure and when you need to inject pressure . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long each day .
how it is given blitzima will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this_medicine as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). medicines given before each infusion before you are given blitzima , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will usually have this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . medicines given before each medicines before each 28 - day cycle , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much roactemra is given the amount of medicine you will receive will depend on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted up to 8 mg / kg for each kilogram of body weight . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all doses should be given by your doctor or nurse . corticosteroids must only be given by a drip ( infusion ) into a nurse . corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse ( intravenous infusion ). corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in elderly your doctor will tell you how many capsules of xoterna mylan to take and how long you should continue to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how many capsules of xoterna breezhaler to take and how long you should continue to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how many capsules of xoterna mylan to take and how long you should continue to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how many capsules of xoterna mylan to take and how long you should continue to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how many capsules of xoterna mylan to take and how long you should continue to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how many capsules of xoterna mylan to take and how long you should continue to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how many capsules of xoterna mylan to take and how long you should continue to use them . use in children and adolescents xoterna breezhaler is used as a chronic inhaler . you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel apotex if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is only to be given by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for vein . the medicine will be given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over 2 hours . this medicine is given in a drip over a period of 2 hours . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 2 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . if you are given too much medicine as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
depocyte will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of injections . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . depocyte is given as an injections just under the injections ( subcutaneously ). your doctor or nurse will decide how much depocyte you need and for how long . the first injections should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks between doses . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks between doses . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks between doses . your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to dexamethasone . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after 21 - day cycle , your doctor may decide to give you another dose of 25 mg or 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg per kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the table below shows the number of capsules you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to follow the instructions from the doctor or nurse regarding return visits . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you use it . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel hexal if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine accord tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of lamivudine_teva is to be taken with or without food . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may tell you to take a different dose . if you have severe kidney problems this medicine should not be used . if you take more your_infection than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets of this medicine , contact your doctor or your pharmacist , or contact your nearest hospital emergency department for further advice . if you forget to take any_serious_problems if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take nespo exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the dose of nespo is calculated depending on your body weight and the kind of your blood tests . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of nespo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents dosing for children below 12 years of age and adolescents depends on how much the person weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the recommended dose is 500 iu per kilogram body weight . your doctor will perform the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the dose in which you are taking , depending on the results of your blood tests and your personal condition . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of iron_supplements is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how to take your dose at the same time each day will be taken with or without food . if you have the impression that the effect of iron_supplements is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents dosing in children and adolescents dosing for children above 12 years of age and older depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the dose depends on your body weight and the kind of blood tests carried out before the start of your treatment . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your unwell . if you do not respond adequately to iron_supplements , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of iron_supplements . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your anaemia is working and to find the dose that is right for you . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will perform appropriate dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it . use in children and adolescents dosing for children and adolescents aged 10 years to less than 12 years : - the dose depends on body weight and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight and the kind of blood tests carried out before and during the treatment to make sure you have the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the dose in which you take your tablets . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents dosing in children and adolescents dosing for children above 12 years of age and older depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the dose depends on your body weight and the results of your blood tests . your doctor will perform the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the dose in which you take your tablets . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
macugen is given to you by your doctor or nurse by a doctor or nurse . injections should be given as an injections into the eye in the eyes ( ocular use ). the vaccine should never be given into a eyes or eyes . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of your eye . the first injections will be given at least 6 weeks after the first injections . the first injections may be given from the age of 6 weeks . the first dose will be given after the first injections . the first dose will be given after 6 weeks , followed by 9 weeks without 9 weeks . the first dose will be given on day 6 and 9 of each injections . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of anti - cancer treatments . radiotherapy will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given radiotherapy before and during kepivance treatment . this product will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . dose the dose you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is given to you by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a cancer_treatment ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a cancer_treatment . this will take about three weeks . you will usually receive an infusion ( a drip ) once a day for three weeks , followed by chemotherapy , every three weeks , depending on your chemotherapy . your doctor will work out blood tests regularly and will monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment your doctor will work out the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the regular_blood_samples powder in the pack with water , and / or individual tablets to be taken . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose for adults is 1 , 000 mg per day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . treatment with regular_blood_samples will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the usual starting dose is 1 . 5 mg per kilogram body surface area ( equivalent to a maximum of 3 mg per kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed mylan powder with other medicines for treatment that you will receive . the dose will depend on your child ' s age and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 1 . 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take jentadueto with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2,000 in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic symptoms the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of jentadueto 5 mg twice a day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take jentadueto for as long as your doctor tells you . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking jentadueto . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more synjardy than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you may have symptoms such as lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you forget to take synjardy if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking synjardy do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more an_antacid than you should : if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take ranitidine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is 1000 mg rosiglitazone and 2 mg rosiglitazone - 2 mg of rosiglitazone per day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of avandamet is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 1000 mg rosiglitazone and 2 mg of rosiglitazone per day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of avandamet is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take adults your doctor will work out your dose of avandamet . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the usual dose of avandamet is one 1000 mg tablet each day . your doctor may increase the dose to 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg in the evening . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of the_maximum_dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if rosiglitazone , your doctor may increase the dose and frequency of dosing depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking the_maximum_dose . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with the_maximum_dose . this is to check that your blood sugar is working . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking the_maximum_dose . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with the_maximum_dose . this is to check that your blood sugar is working . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking the_maximum_dose . if you take more the_maximum_dose than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take rosiglitazone - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel bgr , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 7 , 14 , 28 and 84 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of clopidogrel 1a by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a d . d . do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 60 mg ) in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . children ( 8 to 13 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 13 years ) weighing 5 kg or more : the starting dose is 20 mg three times a day for children and adolescents from 8 years of age weighing 5 kg or 20 mg three times a day for children and adolescents > 8 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 8 years of age weighing 13 kg to less than 13 kg the recommended dose is 5 mg twice a day for children and adolescents from 8 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 13 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 13 years of age , the recommended dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 13 kg : the recommended dose of 5 mg is 20 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 5 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 8 to 13 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 13 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you will be given and for how long . the usual dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . heart_rate is also given by injection into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 5 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take viagra exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of viagra is 100 mg ( one 50 mg tablet ) once a day for 50 days . the dose will be increased to 50 mg ( one 50 mg tablet ) once a day for 50 days . the dose will be increased to 50 mg ( one 50 mg tablet ) once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for 50 kg or 50 mg once a day for children and who weigh less than 50 kg
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take sifrol with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 3 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet pramipexole accord 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 0.7 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 6 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole_salt 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 6 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week 4th week number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole_salt 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets tablets a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of pramipexole_salt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more pramipexole_salt than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take pramipexole_salt if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pramipexole_salt do not stop taking your medicine without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . method of administration emadine is for oral use . you should swallow the bottle whole with a glass of water . do not open or cut the drops . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take you should start by taking one tablet a day . after treatment , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 250 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . an oral solution is a formulation more appropriate to infants and children under the age of 6 years and to children and adolescent ( from 6 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you to get an breathlessness dose and to reduce the risk of side effects . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are taking an inhaler for asthma , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of relvar breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale an extra dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). it is given as an injection under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). the usual dose is 100 mg given once a week . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . do not stop treatment with this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take ninlaro exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking lenalidomide without talking to your doctor first . if you have any questions about how long to take lenalidomide , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much lenalidomide to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of lenalidomide to take . if you are being treated for multiple_myeloma : depending on your condition the usual starting dose is 40 mg or day_1 : - 40 mg to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to lenalidomide . the table below shows how often you take lenalidomide on combination with dexamethasone , you will receive a first dose of 40 mg on days 1 , 3 , 3 , 72 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 25 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 , 22 or 22
always take palforzia exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is 80 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows the number of capsules you need to take will depend on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows the number of capsules you need to take will be based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 1 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 mg or 2 mg / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your condition . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . taking this medicine swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . it is important that you take all the medicine as instructed by your doctor to ensure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take your doctor will work out the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew or crush them . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more your_asthma than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take cufence if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take zerene exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . if you have not been treated for 65 months : the starting dose is 5 mg , once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 5 mg once a day ( one 5 mg capsule ) once a day for 65 days . the usual dose is one 5 mg tablet each day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose if you experience side effects , for example such as anxiety , anxiety , restlessness , your doctor will monitor your response to treatment and may change your dose if necessary . taking this medicine it is very important to follow your doctor ' s instructions . if you take more zerene than you should if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of piqray you should contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible show them the pack , or this leaflet . if you forget to take nexium control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take the next dose at the usual time and continue as normal . if you stop taking restlessness stopping your treatment with piqray may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
