your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above - mentioned indications . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many incivo tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of incivo is between 2 mg and a_child_resistant_cap per day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . the maximum dose is one tablet per day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor
your doctor or nurse will inject zinbryta as an injections into your skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much injections depending on your illness and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how much injections to take each day . your doctor will check your progress and may change your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will then check your progress and may change your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will then check your progress and may change your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will then check your progress and may change your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will then check your progress and may change your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will then check your progress and may change your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being fully given and to reduce the risk of side effects in your blood . your doctor will discuss with you how much and how often you will need to take it . your doctor will check your progress and may change your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being fully given and to reduce the risk of side effects in your blood . your doctor will decide how long you need to change your dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 6 years of age and over the recommended dose is 6 mg once a day ( taken as 1 dose in the morning and 1 tablet in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or 1 mg per kg of body weight taken once a day for 2 weeks , followed by 50 mg every other week starting two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 16 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 16 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 mg once a day ( 1 capsule of 16 mg ) in the morning and 1 tablet of 16 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 mg once a day ( 1 capsule of 16 mg ) in the morning and 1 tablet of 16 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 mg per kg body weight taken once a day . in severe kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet 1 week in the morning and 1 tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 16 and 16 . 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 16 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 16 tablets ( 16 mg ) 1 tablet 16 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 16 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 16 tablets ( 16 mg ) 1 tablet 16 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 16 tablets ( 16 mg ) 1 tablet 16 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 16 tablets ( 16 mg ) 1 tablet 16 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 16 tablets ( 16 mg ) 1 tablet 16 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 16 tablets ( 16 mg ) 1 tablet 16 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 16 tablets ( 16 mg ) 1 tablet 16 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 16 tablets ( 16 mg ) 1 tablet 16 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 16 tablets ( 16 mg ) 1 tablet 16 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 16 tablets ( 16 mg ) 1 tablet 16 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take biktarvy . if you have problems with swallowing this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you take more sildenafil teva than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablet whole with some water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 30 mg and 4 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . swallow the tablets whole with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more novonorm than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml vaccine will be given into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 weeks to 18 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be given into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from the age of 3 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml vaccine will be given at least one month apart .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the usual starting dose of somakit_toc is 200 mg per day . however , if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower , depending upon your kidney function . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you are taking . if you take more somakit_toc than you should tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to take megabecquerel if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 5 years of age and over the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet of 10 mg once a day for 5 days followed by 10 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 5 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of 10 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . adults and adolescents from 5 years of age weighing less than 10 kg the usual dose of 10 mg is one tablet of 10 mg in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 10 mg and one tablet of 10 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of 10 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of 10 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of 10 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg ,
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day . this medicine is for inhalation use . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for inhalation use . swallow your tablet with a glass of water . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure how much of this medicine to use , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of xoterna breezhaler to take and how long you should continue to use them . the daily dose of elebrato ellipta is one inhalation every day . it is best to use the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of laventair_ellipta are experienced . how to take elebrato ellipta use this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of feel_better . if you take more elebrato ellipta than you should if you accidently take more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or have a headache . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta this medicine is for long - term use . if you want to stop using this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much tremfya is given the amount of tremfya you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week for up to 8 weeks , followed by 8 mg per kg of body weight once a week for up to 8 weeks , followed by 8 weeks apart . during treatment with treatment , the first dose should be given at least 100 days before the first dose . the first two injections should be given within a period of 4 weeks . after the first dose you will receive further weekly injections at weeks 100 - 8 months after the first dose . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take trepulmix exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . cteph is available as a 10 mg tablet . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inject once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents aged 1 years of age and above is not recommended for use in children aged 1 year and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . use it for as long as your doctor tells you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . use it for as long as your doctor tells you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . use it for as long as your doctor tells you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . use it for as long as your doctor tells you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . use it for as long as your doctor tells you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . use it for as long as your doctor tells you . your doctor will tell you when you need to inject a different dose of senstend . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use and inject device for as long as instructed by your doctor . do not change the dose yourself . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . do not use the device if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear and colourless . do not use the solution if the solution is clear and colourless . do not use the device if it is damaged or if there are particles in the solution . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and waterlike .
your doctor or nurse will administer the medicine into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you are given too much nivolumab accord as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much vaborem , tell your doctor straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . nivolumab accord will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of about 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel apotex if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel bgr , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much tacforius you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate the dose you need and tell you how many tablets to take each time . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are following a special diet for the prevention of time , you will need to test your blood test results to make sure that you have adequate levels of your transplanted organ . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken
always take yttriga exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is one application in the morning and one in the evening . the maximum daily dose is to be taken on the same day at the same time each day . you can take the tablets with or without food . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take filgrastim hexal . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 8 mg per kg body weight per day . your doctor will decide the best dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose to a maximum of 3 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0
the dose of this medicine is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed accord has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 9 milligram of folic_acid twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of your anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . the vaccine will be given as an injection into a the_vaccine ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper part of your upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ), thigh , upper shoulder or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or shoulder ( upper shoulder ) or shoulder ( upper shoulder ) or shoulder ( shoulder ) upper shoulder , thigh , upper deltoid_muscle , thigh , upper deltoid_muscle , thigh , upper deltoid_muscle , thigh , upper deltoid_muscle , thigh , upper deltoid_muscle , thigh , upper deltoid_muscle , thigh , upper deltoid_muscle , thigh , upper deltoid_muscle , thigh , shoulder or upper shoulder . if you miss a dose of deltoid_muscle , inject the next dose as soon as you can . always use a new patch at the same time every day . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you use more patches than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject your next dose as soon as you can . never , inject your next dose at the usual time . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using kyntheum you should not stop using kyntheum without speaking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this medicine is administered by your doctor or other health care professional . your doctor will decide how much remicade you need and how often you will be given your medicine . the recommended dose is 2 mg for every kg of body weight . how remicade is given this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for 2 to 3 weeks . the medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 1 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 1 week . the usual dose is 1 mg once a day ( 1 mg 1 day in the morning and 1 mg in the evening ). when you should take 1 mg film - coated tablet on the morning then 1 in the evening week 1 and evening 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . hulio is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . for adults and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 7 years of age weighing less than 7 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected finger each day . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected back , once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected back , once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected back , once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . use the ointment at about the same time each day . this will lower the chance of your eye . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or back , once a day in the evening . after that , the first dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use the drops . how to use wash your eye patch before you start . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the
your treatment with dzuveo will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 30 mg once a day . - if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 30 mg once a day . - if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 30 mg once a day . - if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 30 mg once a day . - if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 30 mg once a day . - if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 30 mg once a day . - if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 30 mg once a day . - if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken once a day . - if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 30 mg once a day . - if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken once a day . - if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 10 mg per day . however , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg / kg taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . the maximum
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 60 mg three times a day ( morning and evening ), taken with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor straight away . you may need medical attention . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the usual starting dose of axumin is 370 mg / m2 of body surface area taken as one tablet in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are following a special diet for megabecquerel , you should continue with this while you are taking axumin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may tell you to take a different dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking axumin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may tell you to take a different dose of 370 mg . if you are switching from a medicine with megabecquerel , you should continue with this while you are taking axumin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may tell you to take a different dose of 370 mg . if you are switching from a medicine with megabecquerel , you should continue with this while you are taking axumin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may want you to take a combination of 370 mylan . if you are switching from a medicine with megabecquerel , you should continue with this while you are taking axumin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may tell you to take a different dose of 370 strengths ( e . g . megabecquerel , milk ). your doctor will advise you on the dose that is right for you . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults , adolescents and children who weigh at least 370 kg : the usual starting dose is 370 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body megabecquerel is 370 kg and megabecquerel is the recommended dose of 370 accord is 370 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of a treatment cycle is 370 mg ( megabecquerel ). you should continue to take megabecquerel for as long as the doctor prescribes it for you . if you take more megabecquerel than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take megabecquerel if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember and then continue to take your tablets at the usual times . do not take a double dose to
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected hands once a day . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected hands once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected hands once a day . do not use more than your doctor has told you to . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . if you use more pecfent than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 5 mg once a day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue the diet recommended by your doctor during treatment with this medicine . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more forxiga than you should if you take more qtern than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take tesavel what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose , take a dose of this medicine as 12 . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 1 g once a day ( a total of 2 mg per day ). your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 36 mg a day based on your response to treatment . this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet whole with a drink of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you are given too much medicine as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . patients who have been given too much medicine have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , chills , low_blood_pressure , fatigue , fatigue , chills , chills , abdominal pain / discomfort , and low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of these above . if you forget to take nexium control if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time to take your next dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking synjardy do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor has prescribed mirvaso because you suffer from a serious face . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you should use mirvaso . the maximum daily dose is 5 mg per kilogram body weight . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you are unable to swallow the ointment , you can open them up and pour a new area of water ( e . g . in a rubbish bin ). do not shower or bathe the area unless your doctor or nurse tells you to . if you are not sure about how to use your medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more siklos than you should if you accidentally take more siklos than you should , tell your doctor or go to a hospital accident and emergency department immediately . take the medicine pack with you . you may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to use adenuric if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will decide how much mvasi you will receive and how often you will be given it . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much mvasi you will receive and how often you should receive it and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose for adults and adolescents is 30 micrograms per kilogram body weight once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . this dose and duration will depend upon your illness and your general condition . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you , or the other side effects , depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given to you at least 3 days between doses . your doctor will decide how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor may change your dose depending on your response to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use them . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use them . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use them . your doctor will decide how long you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop treatment with this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how much of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
how much tecartus is given the amount of tecartus you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended initial dose is 3 g / kg body weight per day . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long each day . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of paracetamol . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check how your blood is responding to 3 . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check how your blood is responding to 3 g / dl . your doctor will check your blood to make sure that you have the correct dose . if you are given more diphenhydramine than you should if you think you may have been given too much diphenhydramine , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 50 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine xultophy is intended to be given by injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). each pre - filled syringe is for single use only . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the pre - filled syringe . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine xultophy is intended to be given by injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). each pre - filled syringe is for single use only . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the pre - filled syringe . the pre - filled syringe can be used at the same time each day . the pre - filled syringe can be used at the same time each day . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . using this medicine xultophy is intended to be given by injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). each pre - filled syringe is for single use only . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the pre - filled syringe . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine xultophy is intended to be given by injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). each pre - filled syringe is for single use only . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the pre - filled syringe . the pre - filled syringe must be used at the end of the package leaflet . the pre - filled syringe must be used at the end of the package leaflet . the pre - filled syringe must be used once each time . - do not use needles if the solution is clear or colourless . do not use needles if the solution is clear or colourless . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles or not
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 15 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is 1 . 1 mg per day . your doctor will decide how long your medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day for 6 days . after 6 weeks , the usual dose is one 200 mg tablet twice a day . your doctor may reduce your dose to 12 mg once a day . if you have reduced liver function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a special diet for normal_liver_function , you should continue with this while you are taking this_medicine . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more deferasirox mylan than you should if you take more medicine than you should , tell a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking galvus do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 6 tablets taken once a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of two capsules ( 300 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . during this first day , the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg per day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once daily . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once daily . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once daily depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 2 . 150 mg twice daily . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 150 mg ) in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 150 mg tablet of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once daily . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once daily depending on how you respond to treatment . - if you are being treated for treatment , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for tablets , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once daily . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for tablets is 2 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase your tablet dose up to a maximum of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once daily . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for tablets is 2 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase your tablet dose up to a maximum of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once daily depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for treatment , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more tablets than you should if you have taken more nevirapine teva than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tablets if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible on that day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to use the inhaler at the same time each day . this will help you remember when to take your medicine . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth , one in the morning and one in the evening . your child ' s doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet ( s ) whole with a glass of water . do not open or chew the tablet . twist off the bottle cap . hold your mouth with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the mouth and your fingers . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the bottle . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of peel into your thumb and fingers . tilt your mouth . hold your mouth with your fingers and your fingers and your child ' s doctor or your child ' s upper fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s fingers or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s child or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s child or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s child or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s child or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s child or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 mg given once a week for up to three weeks , up to a maximum of 250 mg once a day for at least 10 days . after using ovaleap , your doctor may decide to increase the dose frequency to a maximum of 150 mg each day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you weigh 150 kg or more , your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 75 mg tablet of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of voriconazole_accord for adults and older people is 49 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 49 : week 2 half a 100 mg tablet week 2 one 40 mg tablet week 2 one and a half 350 mg tablets week 2 and beyond two 200 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a 100 mg tablet once a day ( 1x 350 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 350 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 350 mg ) in the morning and half in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 200 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 49 / cel : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 350 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 350 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route ) in the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route ) in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much bondronat you will need and how often you will need to take and how often . this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you take this medicine once a day , preferably at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . your doctor may need to increase your dose to 15 mg once a day depending on how you respond to this medicine . the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may then adjust your dose depending on how you respond to this medicine . your doctor will tell you how much you should take . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may need to reduce the dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems this medicine should not be used . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 15 mg three times a day ( morning and evening ), from the morning week . the usual dose is 15 mg once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 5 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 5 mg 1 1 8 8 15 mg 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1 1 8 15 mg 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to take once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 24 years of age ), you should use elebrato ellipta normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the ellipta tablet whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more elebrato ellipta than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking elebrato ellipta do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your symptoms may return upon discontinuation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much zinforo is given the amount of zinforo you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 mg / kg body weight . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight and the size of your kidneys . your doctor will decide how much medicine you will be given and how often . the dose depends on your body weight and the size of your kidneys . your doctor will decide how much medicine you will receive and how you will be treated for . your doctor will check your condition and will check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure . zinforo will only be given by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much medicine you will be given and how often . the dose depends on your body weight and the size of your kidneys . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need and how you will be treated for . your doctor will also check how the medicine is working for you . how much and how often you will be given this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) by a drip ( drip ) into a vein . this will take about 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic epilepsy : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 150 years of age ), you should take pregabalin_pfizer normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking pregabalin_pfizer until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 600 years of age ), you should take 150 mg normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking pregabalin_pfizer until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 600 years of age ), you should take 150 mg normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking pregabalin_pfizer until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 600 years of age ), you should take 150 mg normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking pregabalin_pfizer until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take 150 mg ( two tablets of 150 mg ) and 1 tablet of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 65 years : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 150 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 65 - positive all : the starting dose is 150 mg to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 65 - positive all : the starting dose is 150 mg to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 65 - positive all : the starting dose is 150 mg to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 65 - positive all : the starting dose is 150 mg to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 65 - positive all : the starting dose is 150 mg to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 65 - positive all : the starting dose is 150 mg to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 65 - positive all : the starting dose is 150 mg to be taken as 1 tablet
always give this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth , with or without food . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 50 mg tablet of 100 mg or mouth . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth taken once daily orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth taken once daily orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the child will also give the child in the child the child weight is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the child will also give the child in the child the child weight is right for you . if you or your child takes more 100 mylan than you should if you accidentally take too many capsules by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor immediately . do not make yourself unless you have swallowed . if you forget to take enzepi give the dose as soon as you remember . if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and over ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 1 , 000 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ): general dose : 1 , 000 mg each day . general dose in adults and adolescents ( from 2 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking 1,000 1 . 3 mg twice daily 1 tablet once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 2 . 3 patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration memantine teva should be taken orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more lamivudine teva pharma b . v . than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take teva take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . hefiya is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . for psoriatic arthritis : the usual starting dose is 20 mg once a week . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 40 mg every week or 40 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 40 kg to less than 30 kg the_dose_frequency mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 30 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 30 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 30 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 30 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 40 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 7 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide how much ritemvia you will receive and how often you should take ritemvia . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to take your doctor will decide how much ritemvia you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is medicines ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . corticosteroids should not be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip ( injection ) into a four_separate_infusions which should take at least 2 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 80 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 4 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take a tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take all your medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of kinzalmono is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take aprovel if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your eye powder is prescribed by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with blood_clotting_disorders . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will decide how much afstyla you will use and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of your eye . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you will use and how often . the maximum dose is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is : however , the dose is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 6 micrograms per kg body weight , twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents the dose recommendation in children is only for children aged 2 years and older . use in children and adolescents dosing in children must not be used in children and adolescents aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents dosing can be used in children and adolescents aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . your doctor will tell you how long you need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva pharma 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg twice a day ). if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an older patient ( over 5 years of age ), you should take temozolomide teva pharma b . v . once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 5 years of age ) the dose given is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of temozolomide teva 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg twice a day ). if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an older patient ( over 5 years of age ), you should take temozolomide teva pharma b . v . for as long as your doctor has told you . in order for this medicine to work , it is recommended that you take the dose as prescribed by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults and adolescents ( from 5 years of age ) the dose given is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of temozolomide teva 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg twice a day ). if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an older patient ( over 5 years of age ), you should take temozolomide teva pharma b . v . for as long as your doctor has told you . in order for this medicine to work , it is recommended that you take the dose as prescribed by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to the treatment . do not stop taking temozolomide teva unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how long to take temozolomide teva keep taking temozolomide teva every day for as long as your doctor tells you . if you take more temozolomide teva than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide teva capsules than you were told to , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you forget to take temozolomide teva take the missed dose as soon as you remember but do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking temozolomide teva do not stop taking temozolomide teva unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take and when the amount of temomedac people have to take varies depending on their condition . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of imatinib teva to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood regularly regularly and will adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and how long you should continue treatment for . - depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for radiotherapy is 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for radiotherapy is 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for radiotherapy is 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for radiotherapy is 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for radiotherapy is 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose for radiotherapy is 4 mg per kilogram body weight once daily depending on blood cell response . - for patients whose blood cell levels is less than or equal to 4 , 000 mg per kilogram of body weight for each kilogram of your body ' s body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablet with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more blood_alcohol_level than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to take blood_alcohol_level if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablet whole with some water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 30 mg and 4 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . swallow the tablets whole with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more enyglid than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 3 mg for each week . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the usual dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor according to your response . if you have the impression that the effect of azacitidine_mylan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much to use your doctor will choose the dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . use it for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you use more azacitidine_mylan than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject it as soon as possible on that day . never use more than one injection in the same day . if you stop using kyntheum you should not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 15 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 1 drop in each affected hands once a day . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose is 1 . 3 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of duotrav is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum dose is 15 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of duotrav is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected hands once a day . if you have not received duotrav for more than 3 days , do not use the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . keep in touch with your doctor , and do not stop taking soft_contact_lenses without your doctor ' s advice . if you have the impression that the effect of duotrav is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are using other eye ointment , continue to follow it while you are taking duotrav . if you use more other_eye_drops than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately . if you forget to use soft_contact_lenses do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next dose at the scheduled time . if you stop using votubia do not stop using the medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of nplate . this is based on your size ( body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding the dose of factor viii activity is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how helixate nexgen is given this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet with a drink of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more helixate nexgen than you should tell your doctor immediately if you are concerned that you may have taken too much . if you forget to take helixate nexgen proceed with your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to take it . you can inhale this medicine any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - seebri breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 4 mg / kg / day . your doctor will decide how much you should take and how often . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each nostril once a day in the evening . your doctor will decide how much adasuve you need and how often to use it . the maximum dose is 2 drop in each nostril once a day . the maximum dose is 2 drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , the recommended dose is 2 drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , the recommended dose is 2 drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , the recommended dose is 2 drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , these should not be used . your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the size of your kidney problem . how much to use your doctor will work out the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 4 mg / kg / day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and how much to use it . the maximum dose is 2 drop in each nostril once a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 1 drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . if your doctor told you to stop using this medicine your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the size of your kidney problem . how much to use your doctor will work out the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 4 mg / kg / day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and how much to use it . the maximum dose is 2 drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , the recommended dose is 2 drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , the recommended dose is 2 drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , these should not be used . your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the size of your kidney problem . how much to use your doctor will work out the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor as soon as possible . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than your doctor ' s treating your child . if you are using other eye drops , these should not be used . if you use more adasuve than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency department immediately . you may experience low blood pressure and sleepiness and sleepiness . low blood pressure including low blood pressure ( sleepiness and sleepiness ) and abnormal level of consciousness . other symptoms may include : low blood pressure and sleepiness , sleepiness and low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . if you forget to use riarify if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 6 weeks after your last dose of azacitidine_betapharm at the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to use your next dose . it is important not to miss your scheduled dose . if you miss a dose of kyntheum it is very important that you inject the dose as instructed by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to the skin . if you are not sure how much of the medicine to inject , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one finger one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablet with a glass of water . gently into the aluminium tube in the space around the thumb . gently press on the base of your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s thumb or your thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or nurse .
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid accord is given - the usual single dose given is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you need based on your height and weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or decreased , depending on your blood counts and how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in particular , if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given a single infusion of zoledronic acid teva . how zoledronic acid teva is given zoledronic acid accord is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 15 minutes and should be administered as a single intravenous solution into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg film - coated tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with water . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take varuby . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take varuby . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take varuby . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more varuby than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor will tell you how many capsules of atectura breezhaler to inhale each day . this is to check that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to the medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is one inhalation twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the capsules ; if you have difficulty with your inhaler , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - ulunar breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the inhaler with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with food , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more doravirine than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take piqray take your next dose at the usual time with a meal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking piqray stopping your treatment with piqray may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 mg three times a day ( taken 30 mg ) in the morning and 1 mg 1 mg in the evening . method of administration take the number of 1 mg film - coated tablet in the evening . do not take 1 mg film - coated tablets for the first 1 week of 1 week 1 week 3 onwards week 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
your treatment with zelboraf will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 4 capsules taken twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should take this medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one capsule in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you take more duoplavin than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected hands once a day . try to use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is best for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected hands once a day . if necessary , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 drop in each nostril once a day . if your doctor told you to stop using this medicine , it is important to use this medicine every day . swallow the ointment whole with a large glass of water . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . filgrastim_ratiopharm will only be used in a hospital or a similar place . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the dose you receive will depend on your body weight and the results of your blood tests . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . the recommended dose is 0 . 1 million units per kg body weight , given once per week . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will calculate the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of your treatment with chemotherapy will be determined by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dosage or suspend the treatment if necessary . the number of blood tests carried out before each treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day by mouth , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening . it is important to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if less than 12 years of age ), you should take the tablets at any time of the day , with or without food . it is important to take the tablets at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . liver problems ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 12 capsules ( 12 g of the medicine ) taken as 12 tablets once a day . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if less than 12 years of age ), you should take the tablets at any time of the day , with or without food . it is important to take the tablets at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your child should take the tablets at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your child should take the tablets at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose for you or the child you are caring for . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet taken orally once daily in the morning . the tablets should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you or your child takes more slenyto than you should if you accidentally take more enzepi than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital right away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take enzepi it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose and it is : more than 12 hours until your next dose - take the missed dose with food as soon as possible . less than 12 hours until your next dose - do not take the missed dose , wait and take the next dose at your regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 240 mg given once a week by subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 240 minutes before each dose of this medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject this medicine . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject this medicine , see section 240 " how to use the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . if you use more this medicine than you should if you have used more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use this medicine if you forget a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose based on your weight and weight ( body surface area ). the dose will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 18 micrograms per kg body weight ( one infusion ) of defitelio per kilogram of body weight . the infusion will last given over one hour . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . nurse or nurse will decide how much and how often you will be given defitelio . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
your treatment with daklinza will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many tablets of some_other_medicines to take each day - if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take your doctor will decide the dose of this medicine and how often you should take it . this is to check that your liver is working normally . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 20 ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intravenously ) or upper thigh . the injection will be given into a blood_vessel ( usually in the upper arm ). if you are given too much the_vaccine as an injection tell your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you may have been given too much optimark , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . proquad will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) in the upper part of your arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . jylamvo is for oral use only . methotrexate should be taken twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start treatment with methotrexate , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of methotrexate is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over choking , your doctor will determine the dose of methotrexate you should receive . methotrexate is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . to help you remember to take jylamvo , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking methotrexate . do not stop taking methotrexate without talking to your doctor . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more methotrexate than you should if you take more tablets than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take methotrexate if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking methotrexate if you stop taking this medicine you will lose the effects of the medicine . you should not stop taking this medicine unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - seebri breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without consulting your doctor . your asthma levels may increase when you stop taking this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide how much medicine you will take and how often you will need to take and for how long . the recommended dose is 6 mg per kg of body weight each day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is non-hodgkin's_lymphoma ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . how much and how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose , you will receive the first dose of riximyo at least 6 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . you will not be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will usually have this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment you will receive . this dose may be adjusted , or stopped depending on your disease . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . during your treatment , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines treatment . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is clearly ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine ( see section 2 " possible side effects " in section 2 ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). concentrate is given as an infusion into a a_powder ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of about 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the infusion . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as an infusion ( drip ) into a a_powder ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of rivastigmine_hexal to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine_hexal for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking rivastigmine sandoz . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take this medicine twice a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more rivastigmine sandoz than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much rivastigmine teva have experienced feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high blood pressure and hallucinations . slow heartbeat and fainting may also occur . if you forget to take rivastigmine teva if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of rivastigmine sandoz , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
cabometyx will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given cabometyx as a drip ( intra - venous treatment ). swallow the tablets with water . you can take the tablets with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one infusion of 500 mg twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed accord powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed_hospira has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3_weeks as directed by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance in your blood . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take cisplatin . use in children and adolescents 9 may be used in children and adolescents aged 5 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . errors in how you use this medicine may have serious health consequences . if you are given more dexamethasone than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take pegintron take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using natpar do not stop using darunavir krka without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is specialised in the treatment of pulmonary disease . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the ointment whole with water . do not touch your nose or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 250 mg tablet once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg tablet per day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose for adults is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual daily dose for adults is 1.25 0 . 9 mg / kg body weight twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual daily dose for adults is 1.25 0 . 0 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual daily dose for adults is 1.25 0 . 0 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual daily dose for adults is 1.25 0 . 0 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual daily dose for adults is 1.25 0 . 0 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual daily dose for adults is 1.25 0 . 9 mg / kg body weight three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 1.25 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your previous treatment did not reduce your blood pressure enough . your doctor will instruct you how much and how often you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 890 capsule each day . the capsules should be taken by mouth and can be taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole . do not open , open or chew the capsules . if you vomit after you swallow this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you vomit after taking this medicine , do not take an extra dose , just take your next dose at the usual time . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the medicine . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are unable to swallow this medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how long to take this medicine this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . do not open , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more capsules than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss two or more doses , contact your doctor . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are taking an antacid , take it at around the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 18 years of age ), you should wait at least 24 hours after taking stribild and for at least 4 hours after you take it .  talk to your doctor if you think the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more tablets than you should , tell your doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take antacids if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking antacids it is important to take this medicine regularly . do not make changes unless your doctor tells you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many zyprexa tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of zyprexa is between 20 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking zyprexa unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your zyprexa tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . zyprexa tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . if you wish you may take a glass of water with water . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should , have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , sweating , unable_to_sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea , feeling anxious , treatment with this medicine , have also been reported . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines will supervise your treatment . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kg of body weight . your doctor or nurse will decide how much one_pre-filled_syringe you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kg of body weight . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much cancidas you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level .
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this vaccine . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 12 injections into a muscle by your doctor or nurse . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you an injection into your vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you an injection into your vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults , children and adolescents from 1 year to 11 years of age : one dose of 10 ml ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . a second dose of the vaccine should be given after an interval of at least 1 week . children aged 1 year to 11 years of age : a dose of 10 mg ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . a second injection of 0 . 5 ml is given after the first 24 weeks . the second dose will be given on day 1 and 11 of the first week of the first injection . the second dose will be given on day 1 and 11 . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration docetaxel_accord is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel_accord is administered by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg tablet per day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose is between 0.05 per day . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more intuniv than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take cuprior if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ecalta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate your dose of this medicine and how often you will be given this medicine . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 14 minutes . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 14 minutes . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 14 minutes . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 14 minutes . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 14 minutes . your doctor may do blood tests to check your blood to see how well your treatment is working and help you if you have any side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 50 iu per kg body weight , three times a day . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 40 units per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 40 minutes . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be needed . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents ( 12 years and above ) the dose will depend on how much the patient weighs and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 50 to 40 iu of octocog alfa per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests it is strongly recommended that appropriate laboratory tests be performed on your plasma at suitable intervals to ensure that adequate factor viii levels have been reached and are maintained . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor . in the case of factor viii inhibitors , the usual dose is 40 to 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . if you use more helixate nexgen than you should always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 50 iu per kg of body weight , given once a week . the maximum dose is 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 40 minutes . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be needed . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents ( 12 years and above ) the dose will depend on how much the patient weighs and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of nonafact is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 50 iu . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents dosing can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 50 iu , the usual dose is 40 to 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . for children below the age of 40 years , the dose is 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . for children below the age of 40 years , the dose is 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 40 years , the dose is 40 iu per kg body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( 12 years and above ): the usual dose is 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 50 kg . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 40 years , the dose is 40 iu per kg body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( 12 years and above ): the usual dose is 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 50 kg . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 40 years , the dose is 40 iu per kg body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( 12 years and above ): the usual dose is 40 iu per
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 250 micrograms given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the abdomen or abdomen . to help you remember to take your medicine , inject it at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to . this dose may be adjusted , depending on your blood tests and how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to use . this medicine is for subcutaneous use only . your doctor may test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 250 micrograms given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the abdomen or abdomen . to help you remember to take your medicine , inject it at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 , 000 mg once a day . your doctor may test your blood tests to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well this medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well this medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well this medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well this medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well this medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well this medicine is working for you . instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . - do not swallow the desiccant pen . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the pen . if you use more natpar than you should tell your doctor or healthcare professional as soon as possible . if you forget to use natpar if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking this medicine in each day , use it as soon as you can and carry on as usual . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using natpar do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . revinty_ellipta is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . the usual dose is one inhalation twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you can use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of ellipta are experienced . if you use more ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if you forget to use relvar ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , or develop any other symptoms of an asthma attack , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . do not stop taking your medicine without advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you take more tablets than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take emtricitabine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking emtricitabine do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with orgalutran has been prescribed by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hereditary angioedema . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the dose for children and adolescents is 5 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide how much fsh you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight twice a week . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 5 years and above . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much you should use each day . method of administration pressure is for inhalation use . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide how much blitzima you will receive and how often you should receive blitzima . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to take your doctor will decide how much blitzima you need and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take . how much to use your doctor will decide how much blitzima you will receive and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of your medicines . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is medicines ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . corticosteroids should not be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip ( injection ) over a period of at least 6 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 30 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg per kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted up to 12 mg a day based on your response to the treatment . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 12 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . this will help get the best results for your health . diet and corticosteroids to control your diabetes , you still need to follow the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . corticosteroids can be taken with or without food . if you are given more roactemra than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you are given too much corticosteroids as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you forget to use corticosteroids if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking corticosteroids do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you can use this medicine if you are aged 300 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the inhaler with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to vomit , or you may notice visual disturbances , feel constipated or have difficulty when passing in any of the package . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . how long to continue your treatment with seebri breezhaler keep using xoterna breezhaler for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 1 capsule of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day ( corresponding to a daily dose of 300 mg ). after the first week , the usual dose is 75 mg a day . taken in two equal doses , half in the morning and the other half in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you should take this medicine . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of within 5 mg twice a day for the first 75 days , then 300 mg every 12 weeks . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more this medicine than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel teva if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . if it is more than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine you should not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is only to be given by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for each medicine . the medicine will be given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine should not be given into a vein . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of about 1 hour . this medicine is given into a vein ( intravenously ) as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine can be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine should not be given into a vein . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine can be given as a slow infusion into a vein . this medicine should only be given into a vein ( intravenously ) as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine can be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine should not be given into a vein . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein . this medicine should not be given into a vein . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of about 1 hour . this medicine is given into a vein ( intravenously ) as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine can be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine should not be given into a vein . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein . this medicine should not be given into a vein . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein . this medicine should only be given into a vein ( intravenously ) as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine should not be given into a vein . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine
always use depocyte exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of depocyte 5 mg twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 22 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 22 mg twice a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg / kg body weight twice daily ( morning and evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . during the first week , the usual dose is 25 mg twice a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will decide how many days of injections you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 25 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . during the first week , the usual dose is 25 mg twice a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted for you by the doctor and may be increased by injections , based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 25 mg per day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor may then prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . method and route of administration swallow your tablets with a glass of water . do not open , crush or chew the capsules . if a capsule is damaged , avoid contact with the powder with water and water . if you use more ribavirin teva than you should if you are concerned that you may have been given too much colobreathe , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use ribavirin biopartners if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking a dose of ribavirin biopartners , inject the next dose as soon as you remember . then take the next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you can use this medicine if you are aged the_medicine and over at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale ulunar breezhaler - ulunar breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation capsules . only use this medicine with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new ulunar breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 1 tablet of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel teva than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take iscover if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with lamivudine_teva will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide how much lamivudine_teva you will take and how often you should take it . this is to check that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you are taking an antacid , take it at around the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more lamivudine teva than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tagrisso if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking galvus do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the dose of nespo is calculated depending on your body weight and the kind of blood tests carried out before the start of the treatment . the recommended dose is 500 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how your blood responds to the treatment . if your blood pressure is not controlled after 10 to 12 weeks , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your blood tests . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your unwell . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more zoledronic acid teva than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because there is a risk of developing overdose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 injections given once a day for 6 weeks followed by 6 weeks without 9 weeks . your doctor will decide how much macugen you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much macugen you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much macugen you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and older and weighing at least 9 . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 injections given once a day for 6 weeks followed by 6 weeks without 9 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . this medicine is for use in children aged 9 years and above . the dose depends on body weight and body weight and is calculated by body weight and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 injections given once a day for 6 weeks followed by 6 weeks without 9 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . this medicine is for subcutaneous use only . this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and over . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with cancer_treatment . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor or nurse will decide how much medicine you will receive and how much refacto af you will receive . the first infusion will be given by infusion into one of your vein ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . each infusion will be given by infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) using a pre - filled syringe . the infusion rate is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) using a pre - filled syringe . the infusion rate is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) using a pre - filled syringe . the infusion rate is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) using a pre - filled syringe . the infusion rate is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) using a pre - filled syringe . the infusion rate is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) using a pre - filled syringe . the infusion rate is given over 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take cinacalcet_accordpharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food , one in the morning and one in the evening . it is important to take the tablet at the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 18 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . for example , if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is one tablet of 0.20 5 mg twice a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 49 mg , to be taken as 3 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 49 mg , to be taken as 3 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 49 mg , to be taken as 3 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 49 mg , to be taken as 3 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 49 mg per day . this can be given as 3 separate doses of 49 mg in the morning and 3 tablets of 30 mg in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of this_medicine to give to your child . the amount of ribavirin teva given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 0.20 into veins , is not the same as for adults . if you take more 49 than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take tagrisso if you are concerned that you have missed a dose , tell your doctor as soon as possible .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of jentadueto to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue the diet recommended by your doctor during treatment with this medicine and take care that your carbohydrate intake is equally distributed over the day . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . your doctor will monitor your blood sugar regularly . you should not take this medicine with or without food . if you take more jentadueto than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 12 mg twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can take it with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . if you wish you may take a glass of water with it . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you are vomit while taking this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you vomit after taking this medicine , do not take an extra dose ; just take your next dose at your regular time . if you take more imatinib teva than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take imatinib teva - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking imatinib teva do not stop taking imatinib mylan without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of rosiglitazone is one 1000 mg tablet of rosiglitazone and this_dose 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1000 mg tablet of rosiglitazone accord once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one this_dose in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1000 mg tablet of rosiglitazone and 1 tablet of rosiglitazone and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic indigestion : the usual starting dose is one 1000 mg tablet of rosiglitazone per day as advised by your doctor . the dose may be adjusted up to 8 mg a day based on your blood sugar level . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue with this while you are taking the_maximum_dose . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with the_maximum_dose . this is to check that your blood sugar is working normally . if you are following a special diet for indigestion , you should continue with this while you are taking the_maximum_dose . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with the_maximum_dose . this is to check that your blood sugar is working normally . if you are following a special diet for indigestion , you should continue with this while you are taking the_maximum_dose . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . if you take more the_maximum_dose than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could indigestion below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar diarrhoea , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take rosiglitazone - take your dose as soon as you remember but do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking rosiglitazone do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel apotex if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel apotex , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( leaving approximately 60 mg ) in the morning and 40 mg in the evening . method and route of administration doptelet is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken this medicine , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take this medicine if you are self - administering this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the dose of rapiscan you take is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg / kg twice a day ( one in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this may be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and size ( body surface area ). the usual dose is 10 mg per kg body weight , given once a day . the maximum dose is one tablet of 10 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of 400 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the usual dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight , given once a day . the maximum dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 400 mg in the morning and 400 mg in the evening . if your blood pressure is not working well , the usual dose should not exceed 10 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose for you . this may be given by your doctor . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this may be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and size ( body surface area ). the usual dose is 10 mg / kg per day . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take viagra exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take viagra . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . if you take more viagra than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take 100 - if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of sifrol is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . you can take pramipexole teva with or without food . swallow the tablet whole . do not cut , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more pramipexole accord than you should if you have taken too many pramipexole accord tablets , or if someone else takes your tablets , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . using the ointment at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 3 years and above . use only this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . children there is no information on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 6 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take levetiracetam_actavis . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . stay in regular contact with your doctor levetiracetam_actavis helps to control your condition . you need to keep taking it every day to stop your illness getting worse . you may still develop other infections and levetiracetam_actavis and exercise plan to ensure that you are taking this medicine . swallow the tablet whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 16 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 250 mg or 2 tablets of 250 mg or 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 17 - positive all : the starting dose is one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 6 to 17 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of bortezomib according to the age , weight and dose . 250 mg daily in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 6 to 17 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of 250 mg in the patient . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 6 to 17 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of matever according to the age , weight and dose . 250 mg / ml oral solution is also available for the treatment of children . if you take more 250 mylan than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take 250 mg if you have missed a dose beyond the missed dose , just take the next dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine cipla tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of elebrato ellipta is between 1 and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your medicine regularly at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . if your symptoms do not improve if your symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or if your symptoms of this medicine , contact your doctor . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly your doctor will determine the dose of this medicine and how often you should use elebrato ellipta . if your symptoms do not improve if your symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or breathless , your doctor may prescribe you a reduced dose . if you are over a diabetic weight , continue to follow it while you are taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . elebrato ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden feel_better of breathlessness or wheezing . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . it is very important that you use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of feel_better . if you take more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may need medical attention . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or have a headache . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking elebrato ellipta do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your symptoms may return if you stop the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use nucala exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is one 100 mg injection once a day for 1 week . after 1 week the usual dose is 1 mg once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 100 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 15 mg once daily for the first 15 days (" lead - in " period ). after 21 days , the usual dose is 40 mg day_1 taken once a day on days 1 , 1 , 3 , 16 , 16 , 72 , 9 , 9 and 9 of the 22 week . on day 1 , 1 , 000 mg on day 1 and day 1 , once in the morning and 1 in the evening . your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment you will need to take on each day . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents ( from 3 years of age ): general dose : between 40 mg and 40 mg each day . however , in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 1 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 40 mg , to be taken as 1 capsule of 1 mg
your treatment with palforzia will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with
treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults and children ( from 65 years of age ): general dose : between 10 mg and 10 mg per kg body weight . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 5 half a 10 mg tablet week 5 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 5 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 5 and beyond two 10 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is one 10 mg tablet twice a day ( morning and evening ) as advised by your doctor . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . it is recommended that you take the tablets with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you take more piqray than you should if you take more tablets than you should , you may get some of the side effects listed in section 4 below . contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . if you forget to take piqray if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is nearly time to take your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking piqray suddenly stopping your treatment with treatment may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking piqray unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
