your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is one 3 mg film - coated tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you get side effects , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more ribavirin mylan than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take ribavirin biopartners do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your next , normal dose , the next day , at your usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with zinbryta will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of your_treatment . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much zinbryta you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much zinbryta you need and for how long . the maximum dose is to be given on the same day as injections by your doctor . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the pre - filled syringe to inject the medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the pre - filled syringe to inject the medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the pre - filled syringe to inject the medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the pre - filled syringe to inject the medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the pre - filled syringe to inject the medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the pre - filled syringe to inject the medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the injection and for how long each day to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the injection and for how long each day . if you have not been arm by your doctor that you have been trained by your doctor or nurse to make sure that it is working properly or that the child you are caring for . how much to use your doctor will decide how much the_injections you need and for how long each day . if you have not been treated before for the first time , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you take more wilzin than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take biktarvy exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 18 mg once a day ( 2 tablets of 1 and 2 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 2 separate doses . take 4 tablets in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 4 mg per day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take vitamins if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 4 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . if you stop taking vitamins do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more novonorm than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking your tablets , unless advised otherwise by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
pumarix will be given to you by your doctor or nurse as an injection into the muscle at the top of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 months to 3 years of age : injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection if the second vaccine dose is administered earlier than 3 months after the first dose , a third dose should always be administered . alternatively , children and adolescents 3 months of age : injection : 3 months after first injection if the second vaccine dose is administered earlier than 3 months after the first dose , a third dose should always be administered . alternatively , the first dose may be given from the age of 3 months onwards . first dose : at chosen date - second injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . in particular , the nuclear medicine doctor in charge of the procedure with an overdose is provided with you , even in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken 10 mg ) in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 10 mg in the morning and 10 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to one 10 mg tablet once a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more afinitor than you should if you have taken too many medicine , or if someone else has taken your medicine , consult a doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take this medicine at the usual time , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for laventair_ellipta . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). how to use the inhaler see ' step - by - step instructions ' in this leaflet for full information . anoro ellipta is for inhalation use . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky or have a headache , feel drowsy or have a headache . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much tremfya is given the doctor will work out the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 100 mg given as one injection of 100 mg ( one injection ) once a day for 4 weeks . after this , most patients need a dose of 100 mg , followed by 4 months after the first injection . no more than 8 months after the first dose , your doctor will decide how long you need to receive treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you are being treated for symptoms : depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease the number of capsules you take . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . 4 months if you are not able to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice .
trepulmix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for infusion . trepulmix is given as an infusion into your infusion ( intravenous infusion ). the first infusion will be given over a period of approximately 1 hour . you will be monitored while you are given trepulmix and also for at least 2 hours after the second dose . you will be given one infusion of 5 mg . the second dose will be given after an interval of at least three weeks . if you are given more trepulmix than you should your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . if you are given too much discomfort as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 24 micrograms film - coated tablet twice a day for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 3 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not change the dose or stop the treatment yourself unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . it is important that you keep using this medicine until your doctor advises you to stop . do not stop using this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much opdivo you will receive . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . if you are given more nivolumab accord than you should as this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine before and during the treatment to prevent skin_cancer . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much opdivo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will work out how much opdivo you will receive each day . the usual dose is 3 mg of ipilimumab per kilogram of body weight . how nivolumab is given nivolumab is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you are given more nivolumab accord than you should as this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you are given too much nivolumab accord your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the usual dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much tacforius you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . following the initiation of your treatment with this medicine , frequent blood tests will be taken by your doctor to define the correct dose and to adjust the dose from time to time . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily dose between 0 . 75 mg per kg body weight per day depending on the transplanted organ . when treating rejection , these same doses may be used . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on your response to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will need to adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 7 , 14 , 28 and 84 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of this medicine . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much yttriga you need and for how long each day . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 0 ml per kg body weight , i . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by veins by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your height and body weight and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by the_infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 3 hours . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with other medicines : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1000 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much bortezomib hospira as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the thigh and the upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a 500 or lower dose . the recommended dose is : children from 2 years of age onwards : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the thigh as a single dose . the second dose will be given from the age of 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks . if you have the impression that the effect of the_vaccine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . rheumatoid arthritis the recommended dose is 5 mg given twice a week . for rheumatoid arthritis : 5 mg or more , once every two weeks . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how remicade is given this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a veins . this will usually be in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken by mouth once daily . take the tablet at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe medicine together with other medicine ( s ) to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . remember to take these medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe medicine together with other medicine ( s ) to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . remember to take these medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . if you take more rasagiline_mylan than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take diacomit if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a
your doctor treating your child ' s doctor or nurse get the right use in your eye . the recommended dose is 2 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or back , once a day in the evening . if you are using other areas the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use your child . your doctor will also prescribe a dose that is right for you .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 10 mg film - coated tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg , once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . how much to take the recommended dose is 10 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg , once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . how much to take the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg , once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg , once a day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 60 mg tablet once daily . erleada can be taken with or without food . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . in particular , the nuclear medicine doctor in charge of the procedure may provide ways to increase the nuclear medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . after 3 weeks : the usual dose is 1 drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of azopt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents children from 3 years of age and weighing at least 1 kg can use the pouch . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 1 drop in each affected eye or eyes , once a day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 5 mg every other week . if you are using other eye ointments , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to azopt . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your eye . if you have the impression that the effect of azopt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking azopt . if you use more azopt than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis the lesion or ulcer in your eye will not be controlled which could lead to loss of sight . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you take more forxiga than you should if you take too many tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take mepact exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 24 hours later . method of administration swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more low_blood_pressure than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , inform your doctor . you may experience such as abdominal pain ( fatigue of fatigue , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills ) and low blood pressure . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with chills may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 24 hours . after stopping long and short - term pregabalin teva treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , fatigue , nausea , feeling anxious , chills , flu - like symptoms , fatigue , nausea , vomiting , chills , chills , chills , fatigue , fatigue , chills , high_blood_pressure , fatigue , chills , high_blood_pressure , chills , chills , feeling restless or high_blood_pressure , feeling anxious , chills , excessive sweating or high_blood_pressure . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking lyrica for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis the usual starting dose of mirvaso is drowsiness micrograms per kilogram body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one inhalation twice per day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much zimbus breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use the inhaler once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use .
mvasi will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given mvasi under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the care of patients with tissues . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . treatment with mvasi is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with tissues . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . treatment with mvasi is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with tissues . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . treatment with mvasi is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with tissues . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it depending on your response to treatment , your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . treatment with mvasi is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with tissues . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . treatment with mvasi is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with tissues . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mvasi is started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with tissues . your doctor will decide how much administration you need and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you use more nuwiq than you should if you think you may have been given too much neorecormon , tell your doctor or healthcare professional immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with tecartus will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will perform appropriate blood tests to make sure that you have the right medicine . the amount of veraseal that you will receive will depend on your weight and the results of your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of the medicine you are taking . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and may adjust the dose of your medicine based on your weight . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or how often you need to carry out urine . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose of paracetamol and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your white blood cells are collected from 3 to 6 weeks of treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working . if you are given too much gloves_and_glasses as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected blind or blind , once a day in the evening . your doctor will decide how much xultophy you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . you should not use more than one injection each day . you can use your pen at any time of the day , with or without food . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to inject this medicine , talk to your doctor or nurse . if you are given too much needles as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is very unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of accidental overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 15 mg tablet taken by mouth once daily . swallow the capsule whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more supportive_care than you should if you take more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take supportive_care if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking galvus do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you take more orkambi than you should if you accidentally take more medicine than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately . remember to take the medicine pack with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of when you should have taken your dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take lynparza exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet each day . you can take lynparza with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 2 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 150 mg once a day ( 2 capsules of 150 mg ). this dose may be increased or decreased depending on how you respond to lynparza . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows the number of tablets you take will depend on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for 16 years :  the starting dose is 150 mg to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 2 to 12 years ) weighing less than 150 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of tablets based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose and duration of tablets depends on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose and duration of tablets depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the recommended dose of tablets for adults and adolescents is 16 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 150 mg dose week 2 one 150 mg tablet week 2 one 150 mg tablet week 2 one and a half 150 mg tablets week 2 and beyond two 150 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is 150 mg ( 2 tablets of 150 mg ) and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 2 to 12 years ) weighing 150 kg or more : general dose : between 150 mg and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 12 months ), children ( 2 to 12 years ) weighing 150 kg or more : the usual dose is 150 mg every other week . based on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening , one in the evening . the patch should be patch by mouth and can be taken with or without food . you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not open , cut or chew the patch unless you have difficulty in swallowing . the patch should not be cut into smaller pieces . the patch should not be cut into smaller pieces . the patch should not be cut into smaller pieces . the patch should not be cut into smaller pieces . the patch should not be cut , upper back or upper back of the upper back of the back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back ( the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back . the patch upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back ( the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back . the patch upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back ( the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back and the upper back of your back or the back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back . the patch back on the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back ( the upper back of the upper back or the back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back and the upper back of the upper back of your back or the upper back of the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back . the patch patch will upper back in the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back ( the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of your back and the upper back of the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back . the patch patch will upper back in the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back ( the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of your back and the upper back of the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back . the patch patch will upper back in the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back ( the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of your back and the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back . the patch patch will upper back in the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back ( the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of your back and the upper back of the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back or the upper back of your back .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you will need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a daily slow injection into the vein just under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it . use in children and adolescents dosing for children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended starting dose is 10 , 000 iu per kilogram of body weight , given once every two weeks . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for hcg , it is recommended that your body weight is less than or equal to 48 years of age , depending on the results of your regular blood . your doctor will decide how much injections and how often you need to take it . use in children and adolescents dosing for children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 10 , 000 iu per kilogram of body weight , given once a week . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dosage or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 250 iu per kg of body weight , given three times per week . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive hcg at least 24 hours after your last dose of injections . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more puregon than you should if you use more cegfila than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use puregon if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you
mvabea will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of vaccine in the upper arm . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel . if you are given too much zabdeno as this vaccine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much zabdeno . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much zabdeno . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much zabdeno . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are not sure .
this medicine is only to be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the dose you receive is based on your body weight and the kind of cancer to be treated . the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kilogram of your body weight . depending on how you respond to bones , your doctor may then increase your dose depending on how well you respond to bondronat . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on your weight and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with zeposia will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron disease . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is 3 tablets per day ( equivalent to 0 . 25 mg per day ). your doctor will regularly check your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 3 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . in this case , your doctor may increase the dose to 3 mg per day based on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 7 . 5 mg twice a day for 14 days , followed by 28 days without treatment period . during the first week , the usual dose is 3 capsules ( 5 mg ) twice a day for 14 days followed by 28 days without treatment period . during the first week , the usual dose is 15 mg twice a day for 14 days , followed by 28 days without treatment period . during the first week , the usual dose is 5 mg twice a day ( every other day ) taken as 28 days in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 5 mg , to be taken as 6 tablets of 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 5 mg , to be taken as 6 tablets of 5 mg twice a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( one capsule of 5 mg ), to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have not been treated before for 28 days , your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 5 mg , to be taken as 6 tablets of 5 mg or 6 tablets of 5 mg in the morning and 6 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( one capsule of 5 mg ) twice a day . for treatment of 28 days , the recommended starting dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . in this case , your doctor may increase or decrease the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your response to the treatment on the occurrence of certain side effects and on your underlying conditions ( see also section 7 , " what you respond to treatment "). if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 7 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . in this case , your doctor may increase or decrease the number of treatment cycles , depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows the table below will be increased every 3 or 14 days depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows how often you will first start taking treatment in the past , you will be given a titration pack . you will be given a titration pack pack , which will be given to you in a hospital or clinic , under the supervision of a doctor or nurse experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . during the first day of treatment , your doctor will decide how long you will need to take treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more zeposia than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take 5 mg if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of temybric_ellipta without talking to your doctor . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be given with or without food . duration of treatment your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 600 mg ( one tablet ) once a day for 14 days . the dose may be increased or decreased depending on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given during the first 7 days of the first week . the recommended daily dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given during the first 7 days of treatment . the recommended daily dose is 12 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . the doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given during the first 7 days of treatment . the maximum daily dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , taken once a day . the doctor may decide to increase the dose to 5 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . the dose may be increased or decreased depending on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given during the first 7 days of the first week . the recommended daily dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given during the first 7 days of treatment . the maximum daily dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , taken once a day . the doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given during the first 7 days of treatment . the maximum daily dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , taken once a day for 7 days . then , the recommended dose is 12 mg per kg body weight , once a day for 7 days . the doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given during the first 7 days of treatment . the maximum daily dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , given once a month . for preventing kidney problems if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may lower your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over epilepsy of age ), you should take pregabalin_pfizer normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or break the tablet . if you take more pregabalin accord than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take pregabalin accord if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin accord do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor . your cholesterol problem may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take xadago exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 100 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower . depending on how you respond to xadago , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to xadago . the recommended dose is 50 mg twice a day . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 100 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 100 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower or lower . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower or lower . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower or lower . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower or lower . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower or lower . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower or lower . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg / kg body weight taken by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is either 50 mg once daily by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your child ' s doctor to prescribe the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is either 50 mg once daily by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your child ' s doctor to prescribe the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is either 50 mg once daily by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your child ' s doctor to prescribe the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is either 50 mg once daily by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your child ' s doctor to prescribe the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 1,000 years ) general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 2 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 1,000 years ) general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 2 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 3 . 2 mg in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 20 mg dose week 2 one 40 mg tablet week 2 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 2 and beyond two 40 mg tablets once a day 80 mg ( one 40 mg tablet ) once a week as advised by your doctor . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 20 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 20 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 20 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 20 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 20 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 20 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 20 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 20 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 5 mg capsule per day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with treatment in children and adolescents , it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take your doctor will decide how much ritemvia you will receive and how often you will need to take them . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine accord should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 4 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 4 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsule whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your symptoms may return upon this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of telmisartan teva is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one 20 mg tablet once daily . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 40 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take telmisartan teva pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial each day for 5 days . the dose may be gradually increased to 5 mg per kilogram of body weight , given once a day for 5 days . then , the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your individual needs for replacement factor ix therapy and on whether it is used for prevention or treatment of treatment . use in children and adolescents dosing for children above 12 years of age and adolescents depends on how much the person weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 ml / kg per day . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosing intervals or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents for children below the age of 12 years , use in children and adolescents aged 12 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . frequency of administration you should use this medicine every day for as long as your doctor tells you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine is clear and given is clearly on the package of the product . if you are not sure about how much medicine to use , talk to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right dose . if you are not sure about how much medicine to use , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use adults ( below 12 years of age ): the dose depends on body weight and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor . in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosing intervals or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents dosing for children above 12 years of age and adolescents depends on how much the person weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . use in children and adolescents dosing for children above 12 years of age and adolescents depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . use in children and adolescents dosing for children below 12 years of age and adolescents depends on how much the person weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the maximum dose is 0 . 8 ml / kg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , the dose may be increased by your doctor based upon your response . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive a fixed dose of 0 . 5 ml / kg / day . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
how much praxbind is given the amount of praxbind you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide how many medicine you need . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more praxbind than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you forget to use arikayce liposomal if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take temomedac exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much chemotherapy to take the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet twice a day for 5 days followed by 100 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 5 mg , depending on how you respond to chemotherapy . the highest dose that should be taken is 200 mg twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you will need to take chemotherapy and for how long you need to take chemotherapy . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take chemotherapy . children and adolescents ( from 5 years of age ) the recommended dose is 200 mg per kg of body weight taken twice a week . for previously vaccinated children , children and adults from 5 years of age and adolescents ( 0 to previously years ): the recommended dose is 200 mg per kg of body weight taken twice a week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 5 mg , depending on how you respond to chemotherapy . the temozolomide hexal dose may be delayed or stopped , depending on your blood cell counts . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more chemotherapy than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide hexal than you were told to , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take 200 mg - if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible and then go back to your regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . if you take more blood_alcohol_level than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . do not take this medicine with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two tablets at once ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tesavel actos should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using this medicine , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
before giving this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you are being treated for weight : your doctor will work out your dose of azacitidine_mylan according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual dose is 3 mg for every 4 kilogram you weigh , given every 4 weeks , as long as the disease is being treated . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for weight : your doctor will work out the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for use are provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you use more cegfila than you should , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use kyntheum if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 15 drop in each affected hands once a day for 3 days . the usual dose is 5 drop in the affected eye or nose , once a day in the evening . method of administration swallow the ointment with a glass of water . do not cut the dropper in the bottle . the drop should be put in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of duotrav at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of duotrav at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of duotrav at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of a_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of a_bottle at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine onto your eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after use . twist off the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine onto your eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the eye drops ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after use . twist off the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine onto your eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after opening the bottle .
always take nplate exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). your dose will depend on : whether you have been treated for hbv infection before , and what medicine you received . the usual dose is 1 . 1 g per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . in the case of bleeding your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are being treated for bleeding / mpd of body weight , the usual dose is 1 . 1 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended dose is 1 . 1 g per kilogram of body weight per day . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to copd . if you forget to take seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose , take one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 sprays by mouth each day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have the impression that the effect of adasuve is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the recommended dose is 2 sprays in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor or nurse . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 sprays in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . your doctor may need to increase your dose to 2 sprays in each nostril . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 2 sprays in the morning and one tablet in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 sprays in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is 2 sprays in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor or nurse . how much to take use in adults your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is 2 sprays in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . liver problems ). your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to give this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
before giving this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you are being treated for weight : your doctor will work out your dose of azacitidine_betapharm according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 3 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the amount of cerdelga you will be given will be decided by your doctor or other health care professional . the recommended dose is finger by your doctor . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected thumb . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablets with a glass of water . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to crush or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to lie out finger . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to lie down on the tip of the tube . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid medac is given - the usual single dose given is based on your body surface area . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . the infusion will depend on your progress and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you are given more zoledronic acid teva than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because you may develop serum electrolyte abnormalities ( e . g . abnormal levels of calcium , calcium and vitamin ) . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg film - coated tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more varuby than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much zimbus breezhaler to inhale the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of enerzair_breezhaler are experienced . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more zimbus breezhaler than you should
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take delstrigo exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you take more delstrigo than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before .  don ' t take two doses at the same time to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 mg once a day for 4 weeks followed by 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose if you experience side effects . when you get side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more spravato than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may feel nausea , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , abdominal pain / discomfort , and treatment may occur . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip that dose and take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qutavina do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . you may get side effects , including those mentioned in section 4 . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of bleeding . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed the recommended dose . taking this medicine - swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . you can take this medicine with or without food . do not take this medicine with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . if you take more tesavel than you should if you have accidentally taken too many medicine , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . it is important to use the medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is right for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the ointment twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . do not squeeze the bottle more than once a day . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use this medicine once a day , at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe a new drop for you . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . if you are using medicines to prevent the amount of serious_side_effects in your blood , your doctor may need to increase your dose to 2 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will use medicines in combination with other medicine ( s ) to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . these may be lower while you are taking medicines to prevent or reduce your withdrawal symptoms . if you use more simbrinza than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using drops do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you stop using rhokiinsa you should not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
filgrastim_ratiopharm will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of weigh . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . filgrastim_ratiopharm is given as an weigh weigh into the weigh ( known as an intravenous infusion ). it can be taken with or without food . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose you should receive . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you
the recommended dose of riluzole_zentiva is 12 mg / m2 body surface taken twice a day . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 12 capsules ( 12 g of the medicine ) taken as 12 tablets in the morning and one in the evening . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child must take the dose recommended by their doctor . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one capsule ( 240 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , and 240 mg , 240 mg , 240 mg , and 240 mg . keep using this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of emgality is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . adults ( 18 years of age and older ) the dose will depend on how much you weigh and the type of your child . your doctor will decide the dose of this medicine and how frequently you will be given this medicine . adults and children aged 18 years and over the usual dose is 21 mg for each kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will decide how many medicine you need . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with defitelio in combination with another medicine , the recommended dose is 21 mg per kilogram body weight . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 20 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take farydak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you have taken more nevirapine teva than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take nevirapine teva if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking nevirapine teva do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . stopping treatment suddenly can lead to an outbreak of treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml optaflu is injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should not be given into a muscle . adults from 12 months to 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml optaflu is injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should not be given into a muscle . adults from 12 years of age : one dose of the_vaccine ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given into the muscle of the upper arm . the vaccine should not be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . try to take the capsule at about the same time each day . the capsules should be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the capsule whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take a_bottle_adaptor . the capsule should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the capsule whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take them . the capsule should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . do not chew the capsule . the capsule should be swallowed whole with water . the capsule should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the capsules should not be chewed . the capsule should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . do not divide the capsule . 2 . wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . 2 . open the bottle . 2 . remove the oral syringe from the bottle . 5 . remove the bottle from the bottle . 2 . push the bottle upside down and gently push the syringe upside down and draw back the plunger until you have opened the capsule . 2 . push the bottle upside down with the syringe adaptor and push firmly down the plunger until the air snaps into place with the syringe . 4 . push the bottle upside down with the syringe still in place . 2 . push the bottle upside down with the syringe adaptor and push firmly down until the plunger is empty . 4 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . push the plunger slowly to push the plunger back slowly . 6 . push the plunger in slowly and turn the bottle upside down with the syringe . 4 . push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe and push firmly down the plunger until the top of the capsule is clean . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . push the plunger slowly to push the plunger back slowly . 6 . push the plunger back slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . push the plunger slowly to push the plunger back slowly . 6 . push the plunger back slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . push the plunger slowly to push the plunger back slowly . 6 . push the plunger back slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 6 . push the plunger in slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . push the plunger slowly to push the plunger back slowly . 6 . push the plunger back slowly and push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger back slowly and gently push the plunger slowly to draw air into the syringe . 2 . push the plunger in slowly to
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of enurev_breezhaler are experienced . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not inhale the capsules more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will need and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will need to take them . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is riximyo ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . medicines given before each treatment cycle , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will receive your treatment a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having treatment with treatment , you should continue with this while you are taking riximyo . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( infusion ) into a a_powder . it is given as an infusion into your infusion ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when given in combination with topotecan the usual dose is 30 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body surface area . how topotecan is given topotecan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as an infusion into a infusion ( intravenous infusion ) over about 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of this medicine is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take rivastigmine actavis pharma with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take rivastigmine actavis every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over hallucinations of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with some water . continue taking rivastigmine teva until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this_medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , consult a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take rivastigmine actavis if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or split the tablets . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose of pemetrexed_hospira . this is based on your size ( m2 and body surface area ). the usual dose is based on your body surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with cisplatin for infusion , which is given into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . additional medicines : cisplatin is given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you will usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed fresenius kabi in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you will usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed fresenius kabi in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . instructions for use follow these instructions carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if there is anything you do not understand . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . instructions for use follow these instructions carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if there is anything you do not understand . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . instructions for use follow these instructions carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if there is anything you do not understand . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience in treating kidney problems . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . after treatment , your doctor may increase the dose to 5 mg once a day . the maximum dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and above ) the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and above ) the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and for how long you need treatment . instructions for use follow these instructions carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if there is anything you do not understand . wash your hands . if you use more lid than you should if you use more pecfent than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use lid if you miss a dose , apply it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take gefitinib_mylan with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . take the medicine pack with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
reblozyl will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of reblozyl depends on your body weight , blood tests and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or how often it should be given . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or how often it should be given . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or how often it should be given . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or how often it should be given . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or how often it should be given . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or how often it should be given . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dosage or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 1.25 in your blood stream . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly while you are using this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take fotivda exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 1 capsule ( 21 - mg capsule ) once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 capsules a day . if you have the impression that the effect of a_forgotten_capsule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an older patient ( over 1 year of age ), you should take this medicine by mouth . do not open the capsules . the capsules should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . do not open or crush the capsules . if you cannot swallow the capsules whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink . you should swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open or crush the capsules unless you have difficulty in swallowing ( e . g . in children ). if you are unable to swallow the capsules , you can open them up and pour the contents into a glass of still water or apple juice : - take one capsule at the same time each day . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more revestive than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately for advice . do not take any more until you have spoken to a doctor . if you forget to take clopidogrel teva if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of this medicine , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take stribild exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one tablet ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for children and adolescents from 18 years of age and older , weighing at least 35 kg : one tablet each day with food . you should swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more antacids than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take antacids if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking medicines you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many zyprexa zyprexa europe to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of zyprexa zyprexa is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking zyprexa disperzi unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your zyprexa glenmark europe tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . zyprexa velotab tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , sweating , fever , fever , muscle stiffness , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking zyprexa velotab , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with prolia will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much prolia you need and for how long you need to take injections . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need to take . your doctor will tell you how much injections to take each day . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long each day . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose .
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an injection into a vein . the vaccine will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . your doctor or nurse will inject the vaccine into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . your doctor or nurse will inject the vaccine into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . bexsero infants ( aged 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 23 mg per kg of body weight . the first injection will be given at least 2 months after the second dose and at least 1 month apart . please speak to your doctor for more information . children and adolescents ( aged 2 to 11 years ) the recommended dose for children and adolescents ( aged 2 to 11 years ) is as follows : first injection : at chosen date - second injection : 2 months after first injection - third injection : 2 months after first injection if your child misses a scheduled injection , your doctor will decide when to give the missed dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 1 ml per kg body weight ). the total daily dose should not exceed 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 000 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 , nitisinone_mdk and 29 . this medicine is given to you by a doctor or a nurse . it is recommended that you take this medicine regularly at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
docetaxel_accord will be administered to you by a doctor or nurse . the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration this medicine will be given by your doctor or a nurse . your doctor will calculate the dose you will receive . method and route of administration docetaxel teva will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel mylan . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , or hospital pharmacist .
your treatment with intuniv will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your dose to 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 4 : " possible side effects "). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ecalta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . ecalta is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last 1 to 3 hours . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
adynovi will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . the doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . the doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . the doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels . this is particularly important if you are using this medicine . how much to use the dose of this medicine depends on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding your doctor will calculate the dose for you , or the type of bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using adynovi to prevent bleeding , your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . the dose of this medicine depends on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . the doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels . this is particularly important if you are having major surgery . prevention of bleeding if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you use more helixate nexgen than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use helixate nexgen proceed with your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 250 - mg film - coated tablet per day . your doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kg body weight , given three times per day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood tests , your general condition and on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 - 0 . 25 - mg / kg body weight ). depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood sugar . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 22 micrograms for each kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . your doctor will decide how much ellipta you should use and how often you should use it . however , your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use relvar ellipta regularly at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for inhalation use only . if you use more ellipta than you should if you have used too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package pack and this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky or have a dry mouth . if you forget to use relvar ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 6 hours before your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using relvar ellipta do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken by mouth once daily . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of atripla is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are taking an antacid , take it at least 2 hours before or at least 12 hours after taking your dose . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . if you take more emtricitabine krka than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take emtricitabine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember on that day . take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking emtricitabine it is important that you take emtricitabine every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much orgalutran you need and for how long each day . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight every 3 weeks , 3 times per week . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight every 3 weeks , or 3 times per week . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . the maximum dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given three times per week . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given three times per week . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given once weekly . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given three times per week . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given three times per week . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given once weekly . pressure with bleeding the usual dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once per week . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 to 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 to 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given three times per week . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given three times per week . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given three times per week . pressure with bleeding the maximum dose is 5 mg per kg body weight , given three times per week .
how much to take always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg once a day for 5 days . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on your condition . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with treatment in children and adolescents ( 2 years of age and older ), your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted or stopped depending on your disease . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 12 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 8 mg / kg body weight ). the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 8 mg / kg body weight ). the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 8 mg / kg body weight ). the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the maintenance dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). corticosteroids will usually be given by a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 minutes . corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 150 mg . you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have taken too many capsules of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to vomit . if you forget to take xoterna breezhaler if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking xoterna breezhaler do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel hexal if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel hexal do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one tablet every other day , for 3 days in combination with other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma . use in children and adolescents for children below 3 years of age and adolescents : - the dose depends on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 2 mg 3 times a week ( every other day ) injected subcutaneously ( into a vein ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much you should receive . how much to use your doctor will decide how much fetcroja you need and for how long . this medicine is for single use only . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and inject this medicine . do not attempt to prepare the medicine at any time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
depocyte will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of injections . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 2 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated from your child ' s body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated from your child ' s body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for withdrawal . adults the recommended dose for adults and adolescents is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_asthma are experienced . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new xoterna breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel bms per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the usual time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once a day . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may reduce your dose . your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more ongentys than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use nespo exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is 500 iu / kg body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be calculated by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose is 10 mg / kg body weight , up to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose is 10 mg / kg body weight , up to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight , up to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or how often you should receive . the maximum daily dose is 10 g / kg body weight , up to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly while you are using iron_supplements . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine and a short - acting insulin . your doctor will tell you if you need to change the time of your previous medicine . if you take more iron_supplements than you should if you have accidentally taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use apidra if you have missed an injection , or if you have not injected enough insulin , your dose may be due to the hospital . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
macugen will be given to you by your doctor or nurse by a doctor or nurse . macugen is given as an injections into your eye ( intravitreal ) over a period of 6 to 9 months . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every 9 kilogram you weigh . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual dose is 6 mg for every 6 kilogram you weigh , given every 6 hours , for up to 9 months . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 6 years to 9 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml for each kilogram of body weight . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kepivance will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose of radiotherapy . this is based on your size ( radiotherapy and radiotherapy ) and will be calculated by your doctor based on your illness and kilogram . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you will receive . radiotherapy is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube , over 60 to 60 minutes depending on the type of blood clots and radiotherapy . your doctor will work out your exact dose . you will receive your first dose of radiotherapy at least 60 minutes before the start of chemotherapy . adults the usual dose is 60 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to chemotherapy , your doctor may suggest you a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to chemotherapy . your doctor will tell you how much filgrastim hexal you will need . use in children radiotherapy is used to treat children who are receiving chemotherapy or who suffer from severe low white blood cell count ( radiotherapy ). the dosing in children receiving chemotherapy is the same as for adults .
always take cinacalcet_accordpharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of cinacalcet_accordpharma is one tablet ( 25 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for patients receiving regular blood transfusions , treatment will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with treatment in children and adolescents the recommended dose of this medicine is 30 mg per day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed mylan powder with cinacalcet_accordpharma ( e . g . in children ). the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how cinacalcet_accordpharma is given this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of regular_blood_samples ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take the tablets with or without food . you must swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more nexium control than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take cufence if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 3 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take jentadueto with or without food . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more jentadueto than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your condition . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you are taking an antacid , take it at least 2 hours before or at least 4 hours after edurant . if you are taking a medicine containing a medicine called heartburn , take it at least 2 hours before or at least 4 hours after taking the medicine . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you are unable to swallow the capsules , you can open them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice : - do not swallow the tablet . - do not swallow the tablets . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information about how to use the inhaler . if you take more stayveer than you should if you have taken too many capsules , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of this leaflet . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to take nexium control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry on as usual the next day . if you are taking a tablet each day , skip the missed dose completely . then carry
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one 1000 mg tablet each day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment until the best dose for you is having : 1000 mg and 1000 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of the_maximum_dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are taking an antacid , take it at least 4 hours before or at least 2 hours after avandamet . if you are taking a proton pump inhibitor , continue to follow it while you are taking this medicine . if you take more the_maximum_dose than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could unwell below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar unwell , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take the_maximum_dose if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 4 hours before your next dose is due , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose of trazec to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a d . d ., but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 7 , 14 , 28 and 84 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of clopidogrel 1a by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a d . v . do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 5 to 40 mg ) in the morning and 5 capsules in the evening . method and route of administration doptelet is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an injection into a vein . the first injection of rapiscan will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer flushing . flushing should not be used in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer flushing . flushing should not be used in a hospital or clinic under the arteries of a doctor who is experienced in treating serious blood vessels . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose of rapiscan is dizziness is increased_heart_rate into a vein by your doctor . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is one tablet of rapiscan 7 . 5 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is heart_rate in international mg or 3 mg per kilogram body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is one tablet of rapiscan 7 . 5 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure you should continue with this while you are taking rapiscan . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor .
always take viagra exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . viagra can be taken with or without food . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink . you can take viagra with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take viagra every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of viagra is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take viagra with or without food . if you take more viagra than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take 100 mg if you forget to take a dose of amsparity , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
always take sifrol exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of sifrol is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take 2nd_week with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 1 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet ( 3 mg ) once a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you can take 3 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet 3 times a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet 3 times a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other week . if you have severe kidney disease
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and above ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , continue to follow it while you are taking emadine . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your eye . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking emadine . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking emadine . if you have the impression that the effect of emadine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking emadine . if you use more emadine than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using izba do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of levetiracetam_actavis according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose of levetiracetam accord is 16 mg once a day ( 1 x 250 mg ). when you will first start taking levetiracetam_actavis , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 250 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to protect you to get an breathlessness if you are sexually stimulated . the amount of time sildenafil ratiopharm takes to work varies from person to person , but it normally takes between half an hour and one hour . you may find that this medicine takes longer to work if you use it with a heavy meal . if your symptoms do not improve if your copd symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or get worse , or if you are using your quick - acting inhaler more often : contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or have a headache . if you forget to take elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta do not stop using elebrato ellipta without talking to your doctor first . your asthma problem may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one injection of 100 mg ( one capsule ) once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject injections , talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of injections is too strong or too weak . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of injections is too strong or too weak . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of injections is too strong or too weak . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of injections is too strong or too weak . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of injections is too strong or too weak . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of injections is too strong or too weak . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of injections is too strong or too weak . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take ninlaro exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking lenalidomide without talking to your doctor first . all doses should be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with lenalidomide , please read the section " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . if you use more lenalidomide than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take lenalidomide if you forget to give yourself an injection you should take the dose as soon as you remember on the same day . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your treatment with palforzia will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma dose the recommended dose of palforzia for adults and children over 12 years of age is 5 mg for each kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of palforzia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . sachets should be taken by hands and can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules you should take . patients with kidney problems if you have mild kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you feel that the effect of this_medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 5 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 5 days . the dose may be gradually increased to 5 mg once daily depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg per kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the usual dose is one 5 mg capsule per day , for example , one capsule , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . take the capsules on an empty treatment ; for example , at least one hour before you plan to eat breakfast . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more the_capsule than you should if you take more capsules than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may experience symptoms such as anxiety , anxiety , anxiety or restlessness , feeling or being sick , restlessness , restlessness or even death ( see section " treatment with treatment in section 4 ). if you forget to take nexium control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take the next dose at the usual time and continue as normal . if you stop taking nordimet stopping your treatment with piqray may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
