your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above - mentioned indications . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide the dose of this medicine and how often you should take incivo . this is to check that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 capsules ( 8 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 300 mg ). for children aged 12 to less than 12 years , the usual starting dose is 12 capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more incivo than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take nexium control if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking duavive do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much zinbryta you need and for how long . the usual starting dose is 150 mg given as two injections of 2 mg per kg of body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much injections depending on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will discuss this with you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of side effects in your blood . your doctor will discuss with you how much and how often you need to take them . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not try to give this medicine to make sure that your child receives a dose . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you accidentally inject more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . you may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section 2 , possible side effects ). if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , take it as soon as possible on that day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 6 years of age and over the recommended dose is 6 capsules once a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 4 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet 2 times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 16 capsules ( 300 mg ). for children less than 16 years of age , the usual dose is 50 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase your tablet dose up to a maximum of 16 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 16 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take these_medicines . if you are being treated for chronic cirrhosis : the starting dose is 1 tablet 4 times per day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . do not change the dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more antacids than you should contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take duavive if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is within 4 hours before your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablet whole with some water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 30 mg and 4 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . swallow the tablets whole with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more novonorm than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper muscle . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 months to 3 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be given into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 weeks to 3 months of age a dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . a second injection ( booster ) will be given from the age of 3 weeks onwards . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . children aged 3 months to 3 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml vaccine will be given at least one month apart .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the amount of medicine that you will be given will depend on your weight . the recommended dose is 200 mg per m2 body surface area . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum recommended daily dose is 200 mg per m2 body surface area . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum recommended daily dose is 200 mg per m2 body surface area . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the table below shows the dose is either : 100 mg daily taken as one dose in the morning and two tablets in the evening . in some cases , your child ' s doctor will determine the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 200 mg per day . however , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you are taking . if you take more somakit_toc than you should tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to take megabecquerel if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . if it is almost time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken as 10 mg ) in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more afinitor than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use the medicine once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if your symptoms do not improve if your copd is not getting better or if it gets worse after you have started using elebrato ellipta , talk to your doctor . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week for 8 weeks followed by 8 weeks without treatment . the maximum dose is 100 mg ( two 100 mg injections ) given once a day for 8 weeks , followed by 8 weeks without treatment . this dose is given as an injection into a injection just under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection into your vein ( intravenous injection ) or into the fatty injection just under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneously ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take trepulmix exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . rheumatoid arthritis the usual dose of trepulmix is one 1 mg tablet once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose of diarrhoea is one infusion in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half infusion ( 100 mg ) per day . if you are being treated for impaired kidney function : the usual starting dose is one 1 mg tablet of yentreve once a day . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will prescribe a lower dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an older patient ( over 1 year of age ), you should take one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic kidney failure the usual recommended starting dose is one infusion of 1 mg per day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop your treatment just because you feel better . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose of yentreve is one 1 mg tablet once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . to help you remember to take trepulmix , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking trepulmix . do not stop taking yentreve , or change your dose , without talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more nexium control than you should call your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the amount of yentreve prescribed by your doctor . taking too much yentreve should not result in any harm to you . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 ' possible side effects ". - if you take a large overdose of yentreve , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of yentreve to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with yentreve may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor has recommended . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor has recommended . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor has recommended . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor has recommended . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 30 mg ( 2 x 60 mg ) per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much ipilimumab you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with glucose in combination with glucose , the usual dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every other week as a single dose . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 50 mg at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the usual starting dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every other week as a single dose . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 50 mg at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the usual starting dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every other week as a single dose . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 50 days at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the usual starting dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every other week as a single dose . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 50 days at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the usual starting dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg per day . however , your dose may be adjusted , depending upon your response . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will advise you on the right dosing . you can take tacforius with or without food . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . if you take more the_capsules than you should if you accidently take more capsules than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take tegsedi if you have missed a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg to be taken as 4 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg )
yttriga can only be used by doctors who are experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and one in the evening . it is best to take the capsule at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take the number of capsules at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . always take the capsules with water and during your meal . it is best to take the capsules at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose . this is based on your size ( m² and 2 ) the usual dose is 500 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 30 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed accord has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteroids : corticosteroids : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed accord treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the 30 mg dose and to be given once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteroids : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed accord treatment . this product is given to you to reduce the 30 mg dose in your blood every day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . the vaccine will be given as an injection into a the_vaccine ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper part of your deltoid_muscle ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) upper shoulder ( shoulder ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ), thigh , upper shoulder or upper deltoid_muscle , upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , upper deltoid_muscle , upper deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , thigh , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , thigh , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , thigh , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , thigh , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle
your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this will take about 2 hours . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much zessly , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much zessly , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the capsules whole with food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more rasagiline_mylan than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with chondrocelect should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of hulio to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 80 mg initially followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 160 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 160 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eye drop once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eye once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eye once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or back once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eye drop once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use each day . if you have not received yellox for more than three days , do not use the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . if you use more yellox than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using leganto without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose of dzuveo is 10 mg once a day . your doctor may increase the dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor may increase your dose up to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 720 mg once a day ( one tablet in the morning and 30 mg in the evening ). your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken once a day . however , your doctor may increase your dose up to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , the usual starting dose is 720 mg once a day ( one tablet in the morning and 30 mg in the evening ). your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken once a day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , the usual starting dose is 720 mg once a day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kg body weight taken once a day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , the usual starting dose is 720 mg once a day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). your doctor will decide the correct starting dose for you . the usual starting dose is 720 mg once a day . however , your doctor may increase your dose up to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , the usual starting dose is 720 mg once a day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). your doctor will decide the correct starting dose for you . the usual starting dose is 720 mg once a day . however , your doctor may increase your dose up to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 30 years of age ), you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 30 years of age ), you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 30 years of age ), you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 30 years of age ), you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take listed below are the normal recommended doses of dzuveo for adults and children aged 10 years of age and older . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 30 mg daily in the morning and 30 mg in the evening . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg per kg body weight , taken once a day . however , your doctor may increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , the usual starting dose is
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 60 mg three times a day ( morning and the morning of the day ). your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is 60 mg the day . you can take this medicine with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . using the ointment at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . how much to use the recommended dose is 3 drop in the affected eyes or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azopt you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . do not try to use your eye unless your doctor tells you to . if you use more eye_ointments than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis the lesion or ulcer in your eye will not be controlled which could lead to loss of sight . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg tablet each day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue the diet recommended by your doctor during treatment with this medicine and take care that your carbohydrate intake is equally distributed over the day . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more forxiga than you should if you take more tablets than you should , you may get some of the side effects described in section 2 . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking qtern without first consulting your doctor . your blood sugar levels may increase when you stop taking synjardy . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take mepact exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one 1 mg film - coated tablet of clopidogrel acino per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of mepact is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of yentreve without first talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more yentreve than you should if you accidentally take more yentreve than you should , inform your doctor . you may experience some of the side effects listed in section fatigue . if you forget to take yentreve if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of yentreve , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use mirvaso exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of mirvaso is one tablet a day . it does not matter how long you will be treated with mirvaso . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will
mvasi will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with tissues . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you will use and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of your treatment . how much to use your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will also want to check your blood regularly . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will also want to check your blood regularly . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will also want to check your blood regularly . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . your doctor will also want to check your blood regularly . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use your medicine . your doctor will also want to check your blood regularly . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use your medicine . your doctor will also want to check your blood regularly . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may prescribe a different treatment schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you use more equidacent than you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you think too much equidacent has been injected . side effects from an overdose of abseamed are unlikely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with tecartus will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infectious_diseases . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much tecartus you need and for how long . the usual dose is 3 . 5 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will then decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 3 . 3 g / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long . when to check your blood sugar level , and how you need to carry out urine . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with tecartus in combination with other medicine , your doctor will give you a lower dose . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with tecartus in combination with other medicine , your doctor will give you a lower dose . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with tecartus in combination with other medicine , your doctor will give you a lower dose . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with gloves_and_glasses in combination with other medicine , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with gloves_and_glasses in combination with other medicine , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with paracetamol in combination with other therapies the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of gloves_and_glasses 30 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to stop your blood tests every week , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with gloves_and_glasses in combination with other medicine , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose of paracetamol based on how you respond to the medicine . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with gloves_and_glasses in combination with other medicine , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking this_medicine . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . needles should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of blind . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . needles should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of blind . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . needles should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of blind . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . needles should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of blind . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . needles should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of blind . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . needles is usually injected by a doctor experienced in the use of cytotoxic medicines . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use needles . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to use the inhaler , read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more luveris than you should the effects of an overdose of luveris are unknown , nevertheless there is a possibility that ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( skin_pitting ) may occur , which is further described in section 4 . if you forget to use luveris do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please talk to your doctor as soon as you notice . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , tell your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tagrisso if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more orkambi than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine you should not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more lynparza than you should if you take more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take caprelsa what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take the missed dose as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the normal time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tagrisso do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . if your doctor suspects the dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . if your doctor suspects the dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . if your doctor suspects the dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have severe kidney problems , the recommended dose is one nose in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the dose that your doctor has told you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . if you have not received nyxoid for more than three days , do not use the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . keep in touch your mouth . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 18 to 150 iu ( one 150 micrograms syringe ) once a day . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 10 million units ( iu ) per kilogram of body weight each day for up to 18 months . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 18 years to less than 18 years of age : a dose of 150 iu ( one vial ) of ovaleap per day . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your body . if you have not been treated before for up to 18 months , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change the time of your previous medicine . your doctor will need to check your blood phenylalanine levels to prevent your body . your doctor will need to check your blood regularly . your doctor will need to check your blood regularly . your doctor will need to check your blood regularly . your doctor will need to check your blood regularly regularly to make sure that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you use more injections than you should if you think you have been given too much injections , tell the doctor or nurse as soon as possible .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 40 mg and 40 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of voriconazole_accord is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 40 mg and 40 mg each day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . for this purpose , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . for this purpose , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe liver disease ,
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route ) in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose .
this medicine is only to be given by a doctor or other medical staff who are experienced in the care of patients with cancer . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to this medicine . the highest dose that you will be given is based on your body weight . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is very important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is very important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the amount of this medicine that will be given depending on your illness and weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will work out the right dose for you . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is very important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the amount of this medicine that you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to this medicine , your doctor may then give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how much you should take . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 15 mg twice a day for 14 days followed by 15 mg per day depending on your response to treatment . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . during the first week , the usual dose is 15 mg twice a day ( taken as 8 tablets of 15 mg ). you will take 8 tablets in the morning and 8 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 3 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will decide how many days of treatment you should take and for how long . during the first week , your doctor will decide whether you should continue treatment for at least 4 weeks . during treatment with treatment , your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how and when to take zeposia swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more trobalt than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take trobalt if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you to get an breathlessness dose . you can use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of breathlessness . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). how to use the inhaler see ' step - by - step instructions ' in this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if your symptoms do not improve if your copd is not getting better or if it gets worse after you have started using elebrato ellipta , talk to your doctor . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 600 mg three times a day ( taken 12 to 12 hours apart ) taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 12 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial of 600 mg once a day for 14 days . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your kidney function . the recommended dose is 600 mg once a day ( one in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you are given more zinforo than you should this medicine will be given by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin mylan than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin mylan capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin mylan pharma than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin mylan it is important to take your pregabalin mylan capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for the next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin mylan do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to xadago . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to xadago . if your daily dose is 50 mg ( 16 tablets ), you should take this tablet by mouth and can be taken with or without food . if you take more xadago than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately . urgent treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with yentreve may cause your child ' s seizures to return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . stay in regular contact with your doctor lamivudine teva pharma b . v . helps to control your condition . you need to keep taking it every day to stop your illness getting worse . you may still develop other medicines and prednisone ( e . g . prednisone ). you can take your tablets with or without food . if you take more zytiga than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets you may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section 2 , " possible side effects described in section 4 ). if you forget to take ribavirin teva take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your child ' s doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 20 mg dose week 2 one 10 mg tablet week paediatric_plaque_psoriasis the usual dose . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 160 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 80 mg two weeks later . thereafter the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . paediatric non - infectious uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 40 age of age weighing less than 40 kg 80 mg every other week your child ' s doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 80 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 80 mg every other week . adults with non - infectious uveitis the usual dose for adults with non - infectious uveitis is an initial dose of 40 mg , followed by 80 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 40 age of age weighing less than 40 kg 80 mg every other week your child ' s doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 80 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 80 mg every other week . adults with non - infectious uveitis the usual dose for adults with non - infectious uveitis is an initial dose of 40 mg , followed by 80 mg two weeks later . if a
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day by mouth , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment you will receive . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your condition . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment you will receive . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with treatment in combination with other medicines , you should receive corticosteroids in combination with other medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ), medicines given at least 1 week after the first dose of ritemvia . you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine teva is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 1250 kg and weight is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 1250 kg and weight is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 1250 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 7 tablets of tablets twice daily . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more capecitabine teva than you should if you take more capecitabine accord than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take capecitabine accord do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking capecitabine accord do not stop taking your tablets unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 4 years of age and over the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 4 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 600 mg ). for children less than 8 years old , your doctor will adjust the dose for niemann - pick symptoms c . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take a tablet at the same time each day . you can take kinzalmono with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take a_lower_dose every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of kinzalmono is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose of a_lower_dose for most patients is one 40 mg tablet once a day to control blood pressure over the 24 - hour period . your doctor has recommended a lower dose of one 20 mg tablet daily . the_tablets may also be used in combination with diuretics (" water " tablets ) such as kinzalmono which have been shown to have an additive blood pressure lowering effect with a_lower_dose . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the recommended dose of a_lower_dose for most patients is one 40 mg tablet once a day to control blood pressure over the 24 - hour period . your doctor has recommended a lower dose of one 20 mg tablet daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for adults , the recommended dose is 12 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 5 ml per kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . use in children and adolescents dosing for children and adolescents aged 12 years and above is based on body weight and is calculated by body weight as shown in the table below . dose based on your response to the treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents zessly can be used in children and adolescents aged 12 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is two vials per day ( one vial of afstyla per day ). do not use more than your doctor tells you to . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 12 years and over the recommended starting dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight once a week . for children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and above ), the dose given will depend on how much the patient weighs and the amount of factor ix in your blood . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents zessly can be used in children and adolescents aged 12 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will depend on your disease and how well you feel . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to inject praluent , please talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to use natpar , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more riarify than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or hospital as soon as possible . if you forget to use riarify do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you stop using bronchitol do not stop using refacto af without consulting your doctor . if you stop using praluent , your symptoms may re - appear . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of praxbind is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is one 5 mg tablet twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 5 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your previous treatment did not reduce your blood pressure enough . your doctor will decide the best dose for you . the maximum recommended daily dose is 5 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet this_medicine 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your previous treatment did not reduce your blood pressure enough . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of side effects in your body . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take and when the amount of temomedac people have to take varies depending on their condition . your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of olanzapine teva to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and how long it should be given . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the number of tablets following your doctor ' s instructions . swallow the tablet whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you have the impression that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 5 equal doses . if you have the impression that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take cialis . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take it . if you take more blood_alcohol_level than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take blood_alcohol_level do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablet whole with some water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 30 mg and 4 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . swallow the tablets whole with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more enyglid than you should if you may have taken more tablets than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 6 hours after your last dose of azacitidine_mylan at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor according to your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you are not sure how much of this medicine is , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more praluent than you should if you use more praluent than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and inject the next dose at the scheduled time . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . after 3 to 4 weeks : the recommended dose is one finger in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . children there is no information for the use of duotrav in children with a heart using . children and adolescents children from 2 years of age and weighing at least 5 kg to less than 4 years of age : the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 4 years of age ) the recommended starting dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum dose is 3 drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . children there is no information on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of nplate is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take the dose of nuwiq depends on your age and body weight , and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight and the kind of blood tests carried out before the start of bleeding . the usual dose is 1 . 1 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . patients with kidney disease if you have kidney disease , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid teva is given - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given 1 . 0 mg per kg of body weight per day for up to 1 year . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . patients with kidney disease if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . patients with kidney disease if you have kidney disease , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . patients with kidney disease if you have kidney disease , the dose may be reduced to 1 mg / kg per day . if necessary , your doctor will increase your dose at monthly intervals . patients with kidney disease if you have kidney disease , your dose may be lower , depending upon your kidney function . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to take it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation capsules . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to take seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop using seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day by mouth . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 5 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . do not change the dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . you can take the tablet at any time of the day . however , try to take it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 2 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change the dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablet , wait at least 2 minutes before using them and for at least 2 hours after using them . if you take more slenyto than you should if you accidentally take more medicine than you should , rinse your eye with water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to take cufence if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 6 hours after your last dose of 75 mg . you should inject this medicine every day , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject this medicine . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained on how to do so . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained on how to do so . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject this medicine unless you have been trained by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you are not sure how much of this medicine , or if you are not sure how to do this , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you use more praluent than you should if you use more praluent than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use praluent if you miss a dose of praluent , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not inject a double dose of this medicine . if you stop using praluent do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one finger one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablet with a glass of water . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not cut them into pieces . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablet . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to crush the tablet . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to crush the tablet . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to crush the tablet . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not shake or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to touch the tablets tip into the tip of your thumb . only let the doctor or nurse if there is anything you can give the medicine into your thumb . if you accidentally swallow the tablets , wait until it is time for your next regular dose . if you or your child takes more finger than you should contact your doctor or nurse immediately . if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or hospital as soon as possible . if
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid accord is given - the usual single dose given is 4 mg . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid accord is given - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid accord every 4 to four weeks . if you have kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose , e . g ., one infusion . your doctor will let you know when to return for your next dose . paget ' s disease your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid accord is given - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid accord every three to four weeks . if you have kidney disease , your dose may be lower , depending upon your kidney function . how often zoledronic acid accord is given zoledronic acid accord is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 4 weeks . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg film - coated tablet once daily . swallow the film - coated tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . swallow the tablet whole with water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you can use this medicine if you are aged the_medicine and over at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale ulunar breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new ulunar breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more zimbus breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky . you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel acino pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have problems swallowing tablets . if you are taking a proton pump inhibitor , take it at around the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 1 . 1 mg per kilogram of body weight once daily for the treatment of associated kidney disease . the doctor may advise you to take a lower dose of 1 . 1 mg per kilogram of body weight once daily for the treatment of associated kidney disease . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are breast - feeding , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have questions about how long to take doravirine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more doravirine than you should if you take too many tablets talk to a doctor or go to hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take doravirine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember on that day . take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking lamivudine teva do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much to take always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 2 mg once a day ( taken as 4 capsules of 30 mg in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening ). your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more spravato than you should if you have taken more of this medicine than you should , you may experience side effects such as nausea , vomiting , vomiting and vomiting . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the stomach tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 12 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 28 capsules ( 300 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the medicine at about the same time each day . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the medicine at about the same time each day . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the medicine at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the ointment at about the same time each day . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the medicine at around the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the ointment at about the same time each day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use only one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the ointment at about the same time each day . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not squeeze
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . filgrastim_ratiopharm will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the doctor will decide the dose that is best for you depending on your condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you need and how often you should be given this medicine . this will depend on your body weight and the results of your blood tests . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you need and how often you should use it and whether you need to change doses of zessly . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation , you will be told how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to inject yourself unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much this_training you will need and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much filgrastim hexal you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of 0.4 . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will continue to check your blood regularly . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will continue to check your blood regularly . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use zessly . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to use zessly . use in children and adolescents zessly can be used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to use them . use in children and adolescents zessly can be used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking your medicine without talking to your doctor . if you use more eporatio than you should if you use more eporatio than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use eporatio if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using eporatio before you stop using this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse
always give this medicine exactly as your child ' s doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day by mouth , with or without food . it is important to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is one tablet of riluzole_zentiva 12 mg / day taken orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is one tablet of riluzole_zentiva 12 mg / day taken orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is one tablet of riluzole_zentiva 12 mg / day taken orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child must take the dose recommended by their doctor . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more enzepi than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take enzepi it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if your child forgets to take enzepi give the missed dose as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the usual time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 240 mg given once a week . this medicine is for subcutaneous use which means that it is injected through a short needle into the fatty tissue just under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( subcutaneous injection ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . the recommended dose is 18 micrograms per kilogram of body weight . the infusion will be given into one of your veins ( intravenously ) or into a veins . the infusion will last about drip ( one week ). after the infusion you will receive an infusion ( drip ) into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last about one hour . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long . at the end of your infusion your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long . at the end of your infusion your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long . at the end of your infusion your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your infusion . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your infusion . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your infusion . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long . at the end of your infusion your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long . at the end of your infusion your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your infusion . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your infusion . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your infusion . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your infusion . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your infusion . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma you will receive drip intravenously or clinic . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your infusion . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
your treatment with daklinza has been prescribed by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 60 - hypertension . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose and duration of ribavirin teva depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the recommended dose of some_other_medicines is 60 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 60 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 60 years of age ), you should take this medicine either with or without food . your doctor may prescribe this medicine together with other medicines used to treat high blood sugar . remember to take all medicines as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your diabetes , you still need to follow the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking this medicine . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel . adults from 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intravenously ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intravenously ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intravenously ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intravenously ) or upper arm . the vaccine should not be mixed in the same syringe with any other vaccines .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of methotrexate without first talking to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take jylamvo . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take it . for instructions on how to use the inhaler , see " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the genuair inhaler . if you take more methotrexate than you should if you accidently take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . you may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . if you forget to take methotrexate if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to use seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can use this medicine at any time of the day , with or without food . this medicine is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation capsules . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose , take one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . your doctor will decide if you need to stop using this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial of 5 mg twice a day for 5 days . your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive chemotherapy every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of chemotherapy . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines pegylated liposomal , or 2 to 2 courses of treatment . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor may change your treatment depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). topotecan is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the first dose of your treatment is given over 30 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 4 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of topotecan you receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is topotecan ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . how topotecan is given topotecan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the first dose of your treatment is given over 30 minutes and you will be monitored by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of treatment usually lasts from 1 . depending on the results of your regular blood tests , your doctor may suggest that you learn how to give yourself the injections . your doctor or nurse will give you topotecan as an infusion into your vein ( intravenous administration ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using other medicines for the first hour , your doctor will give you a local anaesthetic to reduce or prevent any problems you are suffering from . your doctor will give you a local anaesthetic to reduce or prevent any problems you are treated with topotecan . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of rivastigmine_hexal to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken this medicine for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking this medicine . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take this medicine twice a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , or if someone else has taken your medicine , consult a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take rivastigmine teva if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your medicine is prescribed and monitored by doctors who are experienced in the care of patients with serious_side_effects . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 mg once a day for 2 days . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 500 micrograms for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 30 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 5 weeks . additional medicines : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1,000 ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed lilly . you must take at least 30 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed lilly . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of dexamethasone . you will also receive an infusion of vitamin b12 ( 9 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed sandoz and then approximately every 9 weeks ( corresponding to 9 courses every pemetrexed lilly tablets ) in combination with pemetrexed krka and cisplatin . this is given as an infusion into a veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 5 weeks . additional medicines : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1,000 ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed lilly . you must take at least 30 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed lilly . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed lilly . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 9 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed lilly and then approximately every 9 weeks ( corresponding to 9 courses every pemetrexed sandoz tablets ) in combination with pemetrexed krka and cisplatin . this is to check that the dose is being given . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . using the ointment at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . how much to use the recommended dose is one lid in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one lid in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . if you use more pecfent than you should if you use more cream than you should , rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use tegsedi continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using tegsedi do not stop using tegsedi without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 250 mg tablet once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . for this medicine , it is recommended that you take this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicine that lower the level of sugar in your blood . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take antacids if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed tablet . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much reblozyl you will use and how often you should use it for you . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , see the " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . if you are given too much the_injections as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much crysvita , your blood sugar level may become too low ( the_injections ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of the_injections , see box at the end of this leaflet . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 890 capsule a day . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 890 for each kilogram of body weight , each day . the maximum dose is 21 mg per day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is 21 - 21 mg per day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is 21 - 21 mg per day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is 21 - 21 mg per day . the maximum dose is 21 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 1 mg / kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted up to 1 mg per kg of body weight at intervals of one to two weeks . if you vomit after taking this medicine , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you vomit after taking this medicine , do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking this medicine , do not take an extra dose ; just take your next dose at the usual time . if you take more chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take the next dose at the scheduled time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by eyes , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more stribild than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take aluminium if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking eyes suddenly stopping your treatment with medicines may cause your child to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 20 mg tablet of unusual_movements per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of zyprexa zentiva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take zyprexa zentiva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking zyprexa velotab until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should , have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may be : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop your treatment just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking zyprexa velotab , symptoms such as symptoms : if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much prolia you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kg of body weight . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much cancidas you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kg of body weight . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the best dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much cancidas you need and for how long each day .
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with thigh_muscle . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . ambirix is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with refacto af can be found at the end of this package leaflet ( see section 2 ). if you use more puregon than you should tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use aimovig if you miss a dose you should miss the missed dose as soon as possible . if it is almost time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not double the dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the injection . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the injection . the vaccine will be given into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken orally ( morning and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 1 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine at the usual time , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration docetaxel_accord is for oral use . method and route of administration method of administration method and route of administration method and route of administration method and route of administration docetaxel accord is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg tablet once a day for 4 days . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more intuniv than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take bodyweight if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking bodyweight do not stop taking nilemdo unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take ecalta exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is 200 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for example , if you weigh 18 kg or more , your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 100 mg tablet of 100 mg in the morning and one half 100 mg in the evening . if you are elderly , the dose may be increased to 100 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by up to 100 mg at intervals of two weeks . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . adults , children and adults from 18 years of age : general dose : between 100 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 100 mg in the morning and 100 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 100 mg tablet of 100 mg in the morning and one half 100 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one sachet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one sachet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one sachet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one sachet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one sachet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one sachet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one sachet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as one tablet of 100 mg in the morning and 1 half 100 mg in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell
adynovi is intended for use under the supervision of a physician experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels in the blood . the dose of factor viii activity will be determined by your doctor . in the case of factor viii inhibitors , your doctor will calculate the dose of factor viii activity and how frequently you should use it to get the necessary level of factor viii activity in your blood . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels in the blood . the dose of factor viii activity will be determined by your doctor . in the case of factor viii inhibitors , your doctor will calculate the dose of factor viii in your blood . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . use in children and adolescents dosing can be used in children of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children ( below the age of 2 years and above ). use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above the recommended dose is 40 iu per kg body weight once a week . for major bleeding in patients from the age of 2 years and weighing 62 . 5 kg or more , the usual dose is 40 to 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 2 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dose intervals or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests it is strongly recommended that appropriate laboratory tests be performed on your plasma at suitable intervals to ensure that adequate factor viii levels have been reached . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 250 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the abdomen or abdomen . to help you remember to take your medicine , inject it at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the injections . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject the injections , see " instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the injections . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject the injections , see " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the injections . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to use the injections , see " instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more injections than you should if you have used more riarify than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use tegsedi if you forget to use a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use revinty_ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to use revinty_ellipta . using this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . how much relvar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use relvar ellipta regularly it is very important that you use rolufta ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . relvar ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you use more ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if you forget to use relvar ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , or develop any other symptoms of an asthma attack , use your quick - acting inhaler ( e . g . salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . do not stop using relvar ellipta without advice use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take emtricitabine do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . take your next , normal dose , the next day , at your usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with orgalutran will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hereditary angioedema . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much orgalutran you will use and how often you should use it for the first time . your doctor will decide your dose of orgalutran ( in international units or any_blood ) depending on your condition and body weight , and on whether it is used for you or your child . your doctor will decide how much orgalutran you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 0 . 05 mg / kg injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long each day to inject it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject pressure , see the " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . if you use more pressure than you should if you inject more of this medicine than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use ucedane do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much blitzima you will need and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of blitzima . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg twice a day for 5 days . your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to the infusion . your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment you will receive . if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma the usual starting dose for adults is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later give you a second dose of blitzima at least 5 days before you finish the infusion . your doctor will decide how long you will need to receive zessly . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to prepare your infusion . do not try to give yourself if you have not been trained on how to do so . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given roactemra under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the care of patients with nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 - 8 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 8 mg / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight given once a week . the first dose will be given within 8 hours after the transplant operation . the recommended dose is 12 capsules ( 8 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 12 separate doses . this means taking 8 capsules in the morning then 8 capsules in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the recommended dose is 12 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 8 mg / kg body weight ). the dose given will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight given once a week for 12 weeks . the dose given will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight given twice a week . your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 300 mg once a day . however , your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 300 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should use desloratadine ratiopharm . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 300 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started at a low dose with the oral solution ( liquid ) form . the dose may be gradually increased to the recommended dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should use this medicine every day and not only when breathing problems or other symptoms of copd are experienced . how to use this medicine your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to use this medicine . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of a_double_dose ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of a_double_dose ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina
how much is given your doctor will decide how much fetcroja you need and for how long . this medicine is for single use only . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over 2 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . if you are given more fetcroja than you should this medicine will be given by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( this medicine is unlikely for you by a doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use depocyte exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 5 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much seebri mylan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for pregnant or microscopic hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram / kg twice a day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram / kg twice a day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram / kg twice a day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg per day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 22 mg , to be taken once a day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram / kg twice a day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram per day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the recommended starting dose is 25 mg per day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 22 mg , to be taken once a day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram per day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram per day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the recommended starting dose is 25 mg per day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 22 mg , to be taken once a day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram per day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram per day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the recommended starting dose is 25 mg per day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 22 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram per day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram per day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the recommended starting dose is 25 mg per day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 22 mg , to be taken as 22 microgram per day . if you are being treated for parathyroid cancer or primary hyperparathyroidism the recommended starting dose is 25 mg per day .
general information about taking this medicine : always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you can use this medicine if you are aged the_medicine and over at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale ulunar breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the inhaler with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new ulunar breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky . you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain (
your treatment with lamivudine_teva will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more lamivudine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice . show the verzenios carton and this leaflet . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take lamivudine teva take your tablet as soon as you remember . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking lamivudine teva do not stop taking your tablets suddenly . if you do , you are at risk of having more side effects . your doctor may reduce your dose , stop your treatment for a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines will supervise your treatment . it will be administered under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of nespo for adults and children is calculated by body weight in adults . the dose will be calculated by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the recommended dose is 1 . 8 g / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 g per kg of body weight ). the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the recommended dose is 1 . 8 g / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 g / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 6 - 9 g / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 g / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 1 . 8 g / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 g / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of the package . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . after that , the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 6 weeks and up to 9 months after the last injections of injections . your doctor or nurse will check for how and when to use the injections . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . after this time , your doctor may give you another dose of 6 mg / kg / day . your doctor or nurse will check for how and when your child should return for the second dose . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the recommended dose is 6 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram body weight each day for up to 6 months based on the transplanted organ . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day for 6 months in a row . your doctor will let you on the right dose for you . this dose must not exceed the recommended dose for children and adolescents aged 6 years and older . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight and the size of your child ' s body weight . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight once a week for up to 6 months based on the total volume in your child ' s body weight . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose based on your child ' s weight and height . the maximum dose is 6 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight once a week for up to 6 months based on the total volume in your child ' s body weight . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose based on your child ' s weight and height . the maximum dose is 6 mg / kg body weight , given once a month for up to 6 months and up to a maximum of 9 months . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the recommended dose is 6 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram body weight each day for up to three months based on your response to 9 months . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose based on your child ' s weight and height . the maximum dose is 6 mg / kg body weight , given once a month for up to 6 months . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you another dose of 6 mg / kg . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have not received this medicine for more than 6 months , your doctor will check your progress and may change your dose if you have kidney problems . please talk to your doctor for more information . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of kepivance you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 micrograms per kilogram body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 60 mg per kilogram of body weight ) given every 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose . the dose you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 micrograms per kilogram body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 60 mg per kilogram of body weight ) given once every 60 minutes . additional medicines : radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 49 per day as described above . you should take this medicine for at least 3 - 3 consecutive days . during the first week , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 49 per day as described in the morning . you should take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you a lower dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of the_tablets 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg tablets ) in the morning and one half 49 in the evening .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jentadueto should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of individual_tablets . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jentadueto should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of individual_tablets . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jentadueto should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of individual_tablets . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose and duration of treatment depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half insulin tablet in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of jentadueto is too weak , talk to your doctor . when treatment is taken in combination with other medicines used to treat very_sick ( such as very_sick , metformin , metformin , stomach ) your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a smaller dose of your medicines . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with insulin krka . this is to check that your body is working normally . if you are following a special diet for difficulty_in_breathing , you should continue with this while you are taking individual_tablets . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with insulin krka . this is to check that your body is working normally . if you are following a special diet for difficulty_in_breathing , you should continue with this while you are taking individual_tablets . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with insulin krka . this is to check that your body is working normally . if you are following a special diet for difficulty_in_breathing , you should continue with this while you are taking individual_tablets . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with insulin krka . this is to check that your body is working normally . if you are following a special diet for difficulty_in_breathing , you should continue with this while you are taking individual_tablets . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with insulin krka . this is to check that your body is working normally . if you are following a special diet for difficulty_in_breathing , you should continue with this while you are taking individual_tablets . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with insulin krka . this is to check that your body is working normally . if you are following a special diet for difficulty_in_breathing , you should continue with this while you are taking individual_tablets . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with insulin krka . this is to check that your body is working normally . if you are following a special diet for difficulty_in_breathing , you should continue with this while you are taking individual_tablets . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with individual_tablets . this is
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 12 mg twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking nizatidine . do not stop taking imatinib teva unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much imatinib teva to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of edurant to take . if you are being treated for vomit : depending on your condition the usual starting dose is one tablet of edurant 12 mg twice a day . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are vomit ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 4 mg tablet of an_alternative_regimen 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 2 mg ) in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic vomit : 1 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more famotidine than you should if you take too many tablets by a doctor , tell your doctor straight away . you may get more side effects than usual and they may feel worse . you may experience increased symptoms as described in section 4 . " possible side effects ". - if you take a large overdose of nizatidine , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take imatinib teva - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . avandamet should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of 1000 years onwards . the recommended dose of rosiglitazone for adults and adolescents is 1000 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 1000 mg dose week 2 one 1000 mg tablet week 2 one and a half 1000 mg tablet week 2 and beyond two 1000 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is one 1000 mg tablet of rosiglitazone and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 2 months of age ): the recommended dose is 1000 mg a day . this can be given as 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 2 months ), children ( 2 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 1000 years ) weighing less than 1000 kg and when tablets don ' t allow accurate
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel 1a for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have used more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be injection by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hereditary angioedema . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . rapiscan is given as an injection into a vein . the recommended dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of your vein , each day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will assess your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if your blood pressure is not controlled after 9 to 9 , your doctor will decide the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based upon your body weight . the usual dose is 9 mg / kg body weight given twice a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 9 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . the usual dose is 10 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or dizziness mg , depending on your body weight . the usual dose is 9 mg / kg body weight given once a week . for patients weighing from 9 kg to less than 400 kg the usual dose of 400 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for patients weighing from 9 kg to less than 400 kg the usual dose of 400 mg for each kilogram of body weight is : - 400 mg per kilogram body weight once a day . for patients weighing from 9 kg to less than 400 kg : the usual dose of 400 mg for each kilogram of body weight is : - 400 mg per kilogram body weight for patients weighing more than 9 kg , the recommended dose is 400 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney function . if you have the impression that the effect of 400 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more rapiscan than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you should tell your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take viagra exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablet whole . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take viagra . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without food . you can take the tablet at any time of the day . however , try to take it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more pantoloc control than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of this medicine . contact your doctor or pharmacist if you have taken more than the amount of this medicine . if you forget to take reagila if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking bretaris gen do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not cut , crush or chew the tablet . you can take pramipexole accord with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 2 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 3 tablets pramipexole accord 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 18 mg three times a day or parkinson's_disease , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will advise you on the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . - if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you take more pramipexole accord than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately for advice . - you may experience depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits , sweating and fast heart rate . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pramipexole teva do not stop taking your tablets suddenly . if you feel better , do not alter or stop your daily dose of rxulti unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicinal product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . using the ointment at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . how to use wash your hands before you start . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 16 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet of 1,000 5 mg twice a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily dose of 16 mg / m2 of body surface area taken as " in the morning and half in the evening . dose in adults and adolescents ( from 16 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking levetiracetam_actavis , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 250 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 1,000 5 mg twice a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 1 tablet in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the evening and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take incruse_ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of incruse_ellipta are experienced . how much to use the recommended dose of elebrato ellipta is one inhalation once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose than one dose in the morning , even if you feel better . if your symptoms do not improve if your copd symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or breathless , your doctor may prescribe an alternative inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). elebrato ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden breathlessness . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). how to use the inhaler see ' step - by - step instructions ' in this leaflet for full information . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 1 hour after the last dose of nucala at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . injecting nucala yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject nucala yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not shake nucala vigorously as this may affect its activity . if you use more injections than you should this medicine is given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have injected more eporatio than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use injections if you have forgotten to give yourself an injection , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of ninlaro for adults and older people is 22 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily multiple_myeloma ( maintenance doses ). you should continue to inject lenalidomide every day for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you are switching from another medicine with lenalidomide , you should continue with this while you are taking lenalidomide . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject lenalidomide . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much lenalidomide to use the usual starting dose of lenalidomide is 22 mg once a day . however , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . how to take lenalidomide swallow the capsules whole with water . do not break , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more lenalidomide than you should if you take more lenalidomide than you should , tell your doctor . if you forget to use lenalidomide if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lenalidomide do not stop taking deferasirox accord unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with palforzia has been prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of this medicine that will be given will depend on your child ' s body weight and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 80 mg with 12 mg or 3 mg / kg body weight in the morning and half in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine .
always take zerene exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 65 years of age and over the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for example , if you weigh 5 kg or more , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose gradually to a maximum of 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 5 mg , to be taken as 65 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 5 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . however , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose if you experience side effects ( see section 65 ). your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more piqray than you should if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of piqray you should , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . you may experience symptoms such as mood_changes , anxiety , anxiety or restlessness . if you forget to take nexium control if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking piqray suddenly stopping your treatment with treatment may cause your condition to come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
