your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . do not split , crush or split the tablet . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take incivo . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to check that your treatment is working effectively and to reduce the development of side effects . your doctor will monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the starting dose of incivo is one 3 mg film - coated tablet once a day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 6 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you get side effects , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more incivo than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to take duavive if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 3 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking duavive do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will be given to you by a doctor or nurse in a hospital or clinic . the recommended dose is 150 mg given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much injections depending on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 150 mg given twice a week or 150 mg given twice a week . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated for . your doctor will decide how much injections depending on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 150 mg given twice a week or 150 mg given twice a week . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated for . your doctor will decide how much injections depending on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will discuss the right dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all doses should be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to give this medicine to yourself unless you have been trained by your doctor to make sure that you have the right dose . your doctor or nurse will give you the right dose to reduce the risk of side effects . your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the response to the treatment . in case your child misses a scheduled injection , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on how your child responds to the treatment . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 50 mg three times a day ( taken 50 mg ) in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening > 50 mg in the evening . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 16 years of age weighing 16 kg to less than 16 years : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of wilzin according to the age , weight and dose . in children and adolescents the recommended dose for children and adolescents is 50 mg once a day . in children and adolescents from 4 years of age weighing 25 kg or more : general dose : between 50 mg and 50 mg each day . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 years of age weighing 25 kg or more the recommended dose is 50 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from the_two_medicines age of age weighing 16 years to less than 16 years of age , the recommended dose is 50 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 years of age weighing 25 kg or more the recommended dose is 50 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 16 years of age weighing 16 years to less than 25 kg first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 50 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 years of age weighing 25 kg or more the recommended dose is 50 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 50 age of age weighing 16 kg to less than 25 kg first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 50 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 years of age weighing 25 kg to less than 25 kg first dose of 50 mg , followed by 50 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 50 mg
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more antacids than you should if you may have taken more than the prescribed dose of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine suddenly stopping your treatment with this medicine may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg tablet per day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more novonorm than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper muscle . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 months to 3 years of age : one dose of vaccine ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . clinical data suggest that a single dose may be sufficient . if a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least 3 weeks between the first and second dose . children from 3 months to 18 years of age : one dose of vaccine ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . clinical data suggest that a single dose may be sufficient . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of somakit_toc to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the usual dose of somakit_toc is 200 mg per day . the dose is either : 100 mg daily taken as one dose in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are taking . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg per day . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are taking . the recommended dose is 200 mg per day . the dose is either : 100 mg daily taken as one dose in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are taking . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg per day . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are taking . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg per day . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken as 10 mg ) in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more afinitor than you should if you have taken too many medicine , or if someone else has taken your medicine , talk to your doctor straight away . medical attention may be needed . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much elebrato breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for laventair_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are using a quick - acting inhaler , you should use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). how to use the inhaler see ' step - by - step instructions ' in this leaflet for full information . anoro ellipta is for inhalation use . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may feel more cough . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you may feel more cough . your doctor will know how to treat you based on your symptoms . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your symptoms may return if you stop the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week for 8 weeks followed by 8 weeks without treatment . this dose is given as an injection under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as an injection once a day for 8 weeks followed by 8 weeks without treatment . this dose is given as an injection under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneously ). the recommended starting dose is 100 mg by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the second day . after 8 weeks , your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is 100 mg given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it can be given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more tesavel than you should if you use more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately , or contact your nearest hospital casualty department , taking the medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . if you want to stop treatment , first talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take trepulmix exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of trepulmix is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take trepulmix with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take 5 mg every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 5 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva pharma for as long as your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 5 mg of clopidogrel teva pharma ( 4 tablets of 5 mg ) once at the start of each week . the tablet should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more trepulmix than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital casualty department immediately . if you forget to take kidney function if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of adenuric , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten tablet . if you stop taking kidney function if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : - the recommended dose is : - one tablet each day . do not inject more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not inject more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not inject more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not inject more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount . this medicine is given as an injection under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained on how to do so . do not attempt to prepare the medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to do this , talk to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose up to a maximum of 5 micrograms per day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once per day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 30 mg given as a single dose in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how much ipilimumab you will need and for how long . when you first start using ipilimumab , your doctor may decide to increase your dose and frequency of administration based on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 2 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 9 mg / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 mg or 60 mg / kg body weight ). your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with nivolumab in combination with glucose , the recommended dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg given every 9 weeks as a single dose . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with nivolumab in combination with glucose , the recommended dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg given every 9 weeks as a single dose . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with nivolumab in combination with glucose , the recommended dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg given every 9 weeks as a single dose . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with nivolumab in combination with glucose , the recommended dose of nivolumab is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every 1 week as a single dose . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with nivolumab in combination with glucose , your doctor will start you on a lower dose . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with nivolumab in combination with glucose , the recommended dose of nivolumab is 50 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide how much ipilimumab you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with nivolumab in combination with glucose , the recommended dose of nivolumab is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every 1 week as a single dose . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of ipilimumab will be given to you at least 50 days before the start of chemotherapy . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is nivolumab ( glucose ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . if you are given more nivolumab accord than you should as this medicine is given to you by your doctor or nurse . it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a d . d ., but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much tacforius you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose that you will need will be calculated by your doctor based on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . your doctor will tell you : how much tacforius you need to take and how long you should continue to take this medicine . this medicine is for oral use only . it is recommended that you take the number of sachets prescribed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . your doctor will tell you : how much tacforius you need to take and for how long . the maximum daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . your doctor may increase your dose depending on your response to the treatment . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 14 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg to be taken as 14 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
yttriga will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of anticancer treatment . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to determine how long you should continue to receive the treatment . the maximum daily dose that you will receive will depend on your weight and your child ' s body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of the_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine and how frequently you should use it to get the right results in your body . your doctor will tell you what dose of ciambra to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 9 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 9 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how and when to take cisplatin you will usually receive your infusion by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the thigh ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( thigh ), or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( thigh ), or shoulder , depending on the muscle mass ( the front of the deltoid_muscle in the upper thigh ). if you have the impression that the effect of deltoid_muscle is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of immunogam is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of immunogam is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of deltoid_muscle is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
how much remicade is given the amount of medicine you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 mg for every kilogram of body weight . how remicade is given this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a veins . this will usually be in the upper arm . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you miss a dose of medicine it is very important for you to keep all your appointments to receive this medicine . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 1 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth within 1 week before the transplant operation . the usual daily dose is 1 1 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth within 1 week before the transplant operation . the daily dose is 1 mg once a day for 1 week followed by 1 week without taking 1 dose of 1 mg film - coated mg 1 mg 1 mg film - coated mg 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger twice a day in the morning and one in the evening . the pouch should be inserted into the finger on the same day each day . if there is no left in the use of this medicine , the single dose should not be used . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking yellox . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your eye . if you have not received yellox for more than 2 days , your doctor will give you a lower dose . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking yellox . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking yellox . if you have not received yellox for more than 2 days , your doctor will give you a lower dose . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking yellox . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking yellox . if you have not received yellox for more than 2 days in a row , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking yellox . if you need to stick the drops into a finger , your doctor will give you a single drop in the affected eye ( picture 2 ). if you use more tegsedi than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using leganto without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with dzuveo will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of collapse or systemic sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely if you feel unwell . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine teva tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose is 720 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 720 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you need to take desloratadine teva . this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet whole with a drink of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more ambrisentan mylan than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , go to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may need medical attention . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to have been reported . if you forget to take reagila if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one 60 mg tablet once daily . your doctor may reduce your dose if you have problems with your liver or other medicines . how to take the tablet swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , chew or crush the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more erleada than you should if you have taken more nevirapine teva than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take nevirapine teva if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking nevirapine teva do not stop taking nevirapine teva unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult ranges from 370 to 370 mbq ( 370 , the unit used to express radioactivity ). use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules you need . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how much to use adults the recommended dose is 370 for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are using this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more lutathera than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . in particular , the nuclear medicine doctor in charge of the procedure may provide ways to increase the passing of urine and stools in order to help remove radioactivity from your body . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or 3 times a day in the evening . method of administration azopt is for oral use . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 3 . 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of azopt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents children ( aged 1 year to less than the_bottle_tip ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or head into the nose once a day in the evening . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 3 . 5 mg once a day . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow your doctor ' s instructions . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use each day . method of administration swallow the bottle with a large glass of water . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of azopt at a time . do not squeeze the tip of the bottle with your thumb . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eye and the eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . use the mirror if it helps . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not squeeze the tip of the bottle with your thumb . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eye and the eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle cap firmly immediately after use . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not squeeze the tip of the
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 10 mg once a day . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with half a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . you can take this medicine with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take mepact exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration mepact is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more mepact than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take yentreve if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of chills , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with chills may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 24 hours . after stopping long and short - term treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , fatigue , chills , flu - like symptoms , fatigue , headache , headache , headache , headache , headache , headache , headache , headache and headache . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking lyrica for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may increase your dose , stop your treatment on a regular basis and may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment until your doctor determines that it is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or tiredness . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with skin , your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or tiredness . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist will tell you how much medicine you should use . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more medicine than you should this medicine will be given to you under medical supervision ; it is , therefore , unlikely that you will be given too much . patients who have been given too much medicine have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , redness , sleepiness , tiredness , feeling_dizzy - headedness and low blood pressure . tell your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to use exalief if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking libertek do not stop using this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the amount of mvasi you will be given will be worked out by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and for how long . the amount of mvasi you will be given will be worked out by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with infusions in a low blood pressure , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid medac is given your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with infusions in a low blood pressure , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid hexal is given - your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with infusions in a low blood pressure , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid hexal is given - your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with infusions in a low blood pressure , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid hexal is given - your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with infusions in order to maintain your surgery the usual dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with infusions in combination with chemotherapy , you will receive an initial dose of 30 mg per kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 60 mg every other week . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with infusions in combination with chemotherapy , you will be given 10 mg of infusions over 30 minutes . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how your anaemia responds to the infusions . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with tecartus will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide how much tecartus you will need and how often you need to take it . your doctor or nurse will give you tecartus as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 3 to 4 minutes . your doctor or nurse will have blood tests to check your blood cells to make sure that you have the right dose . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check how your blood cells is working . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will continue to check your blood cells , your blood to make sure your medicine is working and to reduce the levels of blood cells in your blood . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will continue to check your blood cells , your blood to make sure your medicine is working and to reduce the levels of blood cells in your blood . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will continue to check your blood cells , your blood to make sure your medicine is working and to reduce the dose from time to time . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and how serious you need to carry out urine . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often you should continue to take paracetamol . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or stop your treatment completely . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or stop your treatment . it is important to check the number of white blood cells in your blood . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working . if you are given too much diphenhydramine as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day ( every day , with or without food ) at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day ( every day , with or without food ) at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day ( every day , with or without food ) at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day ( every day , with or without food ) at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day ( every day , with or without food ) at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the usual dose is one inhalation twice a day , with or without food . use in children and adolescents dosing for children and adolescents aged 4 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking your medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you use more needles than you should if you use more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to use tandemact if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using synjardy do not stop using your insulin without speaking with a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth each day . if you have the impression that the effect of giotrif is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of supportive_care is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more supportive_care than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take supportive_care if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you take more the_forgotten_tablets than you should if you take more capsules than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take verzenios if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 6 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . if you stop taking verzenios do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take lynparza exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 12 mg once a day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). you can take this medicine with or without food . take the tablets at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . swallow the tablets whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . this may increase the risk of side effects . if you take more lynparza than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take caprelsa what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take a dose as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the normal time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed the recommended dose . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the overdose . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take . if you have the impression that the effect of nyxoid is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . you may need to take a lower dose by two puffs in the morning and one in the evening . it is important to follow the instructions that your doctor has prescribed for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth . the tablet should be taken by mouth and can be taken with or without food . if you take more peel than you should if you or someone else takes too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as possible . if possible , show them the pack , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may feel unconscious , symptoms of an overdose . if you forget to take peel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 20 mg given once a week . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount and to you if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . tablets can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take voriconazole_accord . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . the amount of tablets you receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 40 mg for every kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take this_medicine with or without food . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more voriconazole sp than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take voriconazole sp if you forget to give yourself an injection , you should inject the next dose of amsparity as soon as you remember . then take your next dose as you would have on your originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . mvabea tetra will be given as an injection into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . mvabea tetra will be given as an injection into your upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one infusion per day for approximately 15 days . your doctor may need to increase your dose depending on how well you respond to the bones . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the bones . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the bones . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to receive it . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to bones . your doctor may then test your blood to see how well your bones are working . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to bones . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to bones . your doctor may then test your blood to see how well your bones are working . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then test your blood to see how well your bones are working . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is one 3 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 3 days followed by 3 weeks without treatment period . during the first week , the usual dose is 3 capsules ( 5 mg ) twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose if you experience side effects during this period ( see section 4 ). your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more piqray than you should if you have taken more than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . you may get side effects , including those mentioned in section 4 below . if you forget to take piqray do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much elebrato breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you throughout a low dose . you can use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of temybric_ellipta are experienced . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or have a headache . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . inhale the next dose at the usual time . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given zinforo as a drip ( a drip ) over a period of 60 minutes . the recommended dose is 600 mg by subcutaneous injection . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body surface area ( height and weight ). the recommended dose is 600 mg ( one tablet ) once a day for 7 days . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and to lower the risk of side effects . the recommended dose is 7 mg / kg body weight , twice a day for up to 14 days . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and to lower the risk of side effects . the recommended dose is 7 mg per kg body weight , twice a day for 7 days . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and to lower the risk of side effects . the recommended dose is 7 mg per kg body weight , once a month for up to 14 days . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and to lower the risk of side effects . the recommended dose is 7 mg per kg body weight , once a month for up to 14 days . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and to lower the risk of side effects . your doctor may increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment and whether you are being treated for hbv cancer treatment with an_increased_dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin mylan than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin mylan capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin mylan than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin mylan pharma it is important to take your pregabalin mylan capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin mylan do not stop taking pregabalin mylan unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take xadago exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower . depending on how you respond to xadago , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to xadago . the recommended dose is 50 mg twice a day . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower . depending on how you respond to xadago , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems ,
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . even if you feel better , do not stop taking zytiga unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of zytiga to take . - if you are being treated for prednisone : 1 or all of the medicines : the usual dose is one tablet of zytiga 2 . 2 mg twice a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 2 mg once a day . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you . the usual dose is 1 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and above ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 3 . 2 mg in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 20 mg dose week 2 one 10 mg tablet week 4 one and a half 7 mg tablet week 4 and beyond two 30 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet once a day ( 1x 40 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 40 mg ) in the second week and to 4 and a half 40 mg tablet once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 20 mg once a day ( 1x 20 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired enthesitis - infectious uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 40 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 30 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week with enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 40 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 30 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week with enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 40 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 30 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week with enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week with enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe an initial dose of 40 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other
ritemvia will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given the_initial_treatment as a drip ( intravenous injection ). medicines given before each injection , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will be given medicines ? your doctor will decide how many cycles ( cycles ) and how often you will be given medicines . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine based on how much you weigh . your doctor will monitor your progress and may adjust your dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is medicines ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . how much and how often you will be given medicines ? your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment you will receive . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may then either increase or decrease your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is medicines ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . medicines given before each treatment cycle , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will receive your treatment a ) if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with medicines in combination with medicines , you will receive medicines intravenously or subcutaneously as a 1 - day treatment cycle and pegylated liposomal doxorubicin 1 , 000 mg is given orally on days 1 , 2 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 4 , 3 , 3 , 3 , and 4 of the bortezomib treatment cycle . you will receive up to 8 cycles ( 24 weeks ). previously untreated mantle cell lymphoma if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines pegylated liposomal or medicines , such as 1 to 8 cycles . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine accord should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 1 . 7 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . if you take more capecitabine accord than you should if you accidentally take more capecitabine accord than you should , contact your doctor as soon as possible before taking the next dose . you might get the following side effects if you take a lot more capecitabine than you should : feeling or being sick , diarrhoea , inflammation or ulceration of the gut or mouth , pain or bleeding from the intestine or stomach , or bone marrow depression ( reduction in certain kinds of blood cells ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . if you forget to take
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 4 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsule whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your symptoms may return if you stop the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of kinzalmono is one 80 mg tablet once daily for the first three days . after treatment of telmisartan teva , the usual dose of the_tablets is 20 mg once a day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 20 mg tablet of this_medicine per day as described above . you should take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take aprovel if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
afstyla should only be used by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of administration is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is either 2 . 5 ml / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ). your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine and a short - acting insulin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine and a short - acting insulin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine and a short - acting insulin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine and a short - acting insulin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine and a short - acting insulin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine and a short - acting insulin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine and a short - acting insulin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine and a short - acting insulin . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine and a short - acting insulin . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop using your medicine without consulting your doctor . if you use more luveris than you should if you use more puregon than you should , tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use luveris do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you stop using luveris do not stop using tegsedi without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not divide the dose or stop the medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much praxbind to use the usual dose is to treat the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of temomedac to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may change the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your response to the treatment on the occurrence of certain side effects and on your underlying conditions ( e . g . liver problems ). treatment with treatment may continue to be repeated at a low dose which will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will check your blood regularly regularly while you are taking this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 20 mg or other doses of the day . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . duration of treatment you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . do not stop treatment with this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults , adolescents and children who weigh at least 20 kg : the starting dose is 20 mg twice a day . your doctor may change the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your response to the treatment on the occurrence of certain side effects and on your underlying conditions ( e . g . liver problems ). progressive breast cancer , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine swallow the tablets whole with water . continue taking this medicine as long as you are getting benefit . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take cialis with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take all your medicine as prescribed by your doctor . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take cialis with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take all your medicine as prescribed by your doctor . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . if you take more neparvis than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , take your tablets or the box with you to show the doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take neparvis if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg once a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more your_treatment than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel actos should be used every day to work properly . if you stop using this medicine , your blood sugar may go up . talk to your doctor before stopping this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 75 mg given once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long each day . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and inject the medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you use more praluent than you should if you use more praluent than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject it as soon as possible on that day . never use more than one injection in the same day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 15 drop in each affected hands once a day for 3 days . the usual dose is 1 drop in the affected hands once a day in the evening . method of administration swallow the ointment whole with a glass of water . do not cut the dropper in the bottle . the drop should be put here ( picture 1 ). after opening the bottle , remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle cap ( picture 1 ) from the bottle . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the eye drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the eye drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the eye drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the eye drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the eye drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the
your doctor will work out your dose of nplate . the dose of nplate will depend on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how often you will usually receive your dose depends on your illness and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how bleeding is given your_platelets is usually given by a doctor or a nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much , your doctor will perform appropriate blood tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels in the blood . prevention of bleeding your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . the dose of bleeding is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how bleeding is given this medicine is for oral use only . follow the instructions of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop using seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may give you a lower dose . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor or nurse if there is anything you do not understand or know . the recommended dose is one capsule by mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to adasuve . your doctor may then give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 . 5 mg once a day by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may give you a lower dose . it is very important to follow your doctor ' s instructions . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 . 5 mg once a day by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor or pharmacist if there is anything you do not understand any signs or you feel sleepiness or sleepiness . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor or nurse if there is anything you do not understand or know . the recommended dose is one capsule in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents the dose for children and adolescents is not recommended in children . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for single use only . in this case , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 75 mg given once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you use more praluent than you should if you use more praluent than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject it as soon as possible on that day . never use more than one injection in the same day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger or thumb . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablet with a glass of water . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . how to use swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid accord is given - the usual single dose given is 4 mg . - if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid teva is given - zoledronic acid medac is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 4 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 180 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more another_chemotherapy_cycle than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within sick days of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vargatef do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should use this medicine every day , as instructed by your doctor . this medicine is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel acino pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet whole with a drink of water . you can take delstrigo with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking delstrigo . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take delstrigo twice a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the tablet whole with a drink . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more tesavel than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you are within a day of your next dose , just skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 mg once a day for 4 weeks followed by 30 mg once a day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose if you experience side effects ( such as nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting ). if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . swallow the tablet whole with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one capsule in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . recommended dose for adults and adolescents aged 12 years and over the recommended dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 84 capsules twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 600 mg ). for this medicine , it is recommended that you take this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood pressure . how to take this medicine swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more qtern than you should if you take more capsules than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . if you are using other medicines to prevent the amount of simbrinza in your blood , your doctor may prescribe a higher dose ( e . g . micrograms , one in the morning and one in the evening ). you can use the drops at the same time each day . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of simbrinza is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more simbrinza than you should if you use more drops than you should , rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you miss a dose of drops if you miss a dose , use it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose before going back to your regular dosing routine . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using drops do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you stop using rhokiinsa the pressure in your eye will not be controlled which could lead to loss of sight . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of filgrastim_ratiopharm according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is based on the patient ' s body weight . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose of your treatment to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working
the dose of riluzole_zentiva is 12 mg / m2 body surface taken twice a day . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child must take the child the right way for the child or the child the child the child weight is 12 or down the child ' s child ' s doctor given at the right way . the child must take the child the child the child must take the child the child must take the child at any time of the day . the child should take at least 12 hours before or at least 12 hours after the evening dose . child should swallow the tablets whole with a drink of water . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . kidney or she ' s kidney problems when your child ' s doctor decides to give the child . the child must take the child as instructed by your doctor . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child must take the child the right way for the child or the child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s food or child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s or child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s doctor or child ' s child is child swallowed with their child . give them / or child ' s child ' s doctor or child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child . child or child sprinkle them on their child . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child must take the child the right way for the child or the child ' s child or child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s food or child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s or child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s child ' s doctor or child ' s child . child or child sprinkle them on their child . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child must take the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not inject this medicine more than 240 days without talking to your doctor . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in combination with other medicine for hepatitis c virus infection . for use in children under 240 years is not recommended . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in combination with other medicine for children and adolescents . if you use more this medicine than you should if you have used more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to use tesavel if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is within 240 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose for you . defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and your nurse . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you will receive . defitelio is given as an nurse into a veins ( intravenous infusion ) over 21 hours . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) into a veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) into a veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) into a veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) into a veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) into a veins . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last drip ( drip ) over a veins . drip will be given drip into a veins ( intravenously ) over veins . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the correct dose of daklinza depending on your liver function . the usual starting dose for adults and adolescents is 20 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide your dose of this medicine based on how much you weigh . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you get certain side effects while you are taking your_other_medicines , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine - swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . duration of treatment your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take nevirapine teva if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml ( one vial ) of the vaccine will be given . a second injection ( booster ) will be given from the age of 12 weeks onwards . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 12 weeks between the first and second dose . children aged 12 to 12 months will receive two injections given at least 12 months after the first dose . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 12 weeks between the first and second dose . children aged 12 to 12 months will receive two injections given at least 12 months after the first dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for rheumatoid arthritis and for patients with body weight . depending on how you respond to methotrexate , your doctor may later adjust your dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of methotrexate . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of methotrexate . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of methotrexate . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of methotrexate . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of methotrexate . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of methotrexate . you should not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one capsule each day . try to take the dose at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one capsule each day . try to take the capsule at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have problems with your kidneys . methotrexate is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule with a drink of water . if you have difficulty swallowing the capsule whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take methotrexate . the capsule should be swallowed whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you have difficulty swallowing the capsule , talk to your doctor about anything you take the capsules . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for rheumatoid_arthritis . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for rheumatoid_arthritis . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take the dose once a day . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for rheumatoid_arthritis . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take the same dose every day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use your doctor will advise you on the dose and how often you need to take methotrexate . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of methotrexate . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of methotrexate . this is to check that your treatment is working and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you have the impression that the effect of
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop using seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you will receive this dose every day for 6 weeks . you will have to take this dose every day for 4 weeks . this means you will have a total of 6 cycles ( 24 weeks ). the chemotherapy should be given after the chemotherapy . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor may change your dose based on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . it is given as an infusion into a a_powder ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as an infusion into a a_powder ( intravenous infusion ) over about 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose . they will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an infusion ( drip ) into a a_powder . the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using topotecan in combination with topotecan the doctor or nurse will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . topotecan is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your a_powder . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required . stopping treatment with topotecan your doctor will decide when to stop the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of this medicine is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this_medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take rivastigmine teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over hallucinations years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with some water . you should take rivastigmine teva for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood pressure could suggest below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar rivastigmine attention , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take rivastigmine teva if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember and carry on as usual . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
cabometyx should be given to you by a doctor with experience in treating multiple myeloma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet once a day . - swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your cholesterol may increase without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine and how frequently you should use it to get the right results in your body . your doctor will tell you what dose of pemetrexed_hospira to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of dexamethasone is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how 9 is given this medicine is given as an infusion into a veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every every 5 weeks . if you have the impression that the effect of dexamethasone is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how 9 is given this medicine is given as an infusion into a veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 week . if you have the impression that the effect of dexamethasone is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how 9 is given this medicine is for intravenous or subcutaneous use only . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are given too much dexamethasone as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with kidney or kidney problems . your doctor will decide on the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with kidney or kidney problems . your doctor will decide on the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with kidney or kidney problems . your doctor will decide on the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of pulmonary disease . if you have the impression that the effect of ganfort is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more pecfent than you should if you accidentally apply too much pecfent , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use tegsedi if you miss a dose , apply cream as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take gefitinib_mylan with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given reblozyl as a weigh injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of this medicine depends on your body weight , blood tests and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often you should receive . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you are given more reblozyl than you should this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an weigh weigh ) your doctor will tell you what to do . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 890 capsule each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more the_capsules than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 4 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your cholesterol problem may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of symptoms . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking ambrisentan mylan do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many zyprexa zyprexa europe to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of zyprexa zyprexa is between 20 mg and 5 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking zyprexa unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your zyprexa tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . zyprexa velotab tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , sweating , fever , fever , fever , muscle pain , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking zyprexa velotab , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with prolia will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the upper arm ( thighs , upper arm or thighs ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use calcium . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using kyntheum . it is important to follow the instructions from the doctor or nurse so that you can return your treatment .
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an injection into a vein . the vaccine will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , nurse or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , nurse or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . adults ( aged 2 to 11 years ) the recommended dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be given . clinical data suggest that a single dose may be sufficient . if a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . each injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date second injection : 2 months after first injections ( not earlier than 10 months ). each injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date second injection : 2 months after first injections ( not earlier than 10 months ). your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years or older ) your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years or older ) your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years or older ) your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years or older ) your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years or older ) your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 10 mg per kg of bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 2 ml ) given once a month for up to 5 months . your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 10 mg per kg of bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 2 ml ) given once a month for up to 5 months . your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 10 mg per kg of bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 2 ml ) given once a month for up to 5 months . your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 10 mg per kg of bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 2 ml ) given once a month for up to 5 months . your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 10 mg per kg of bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 2 ml ) given once a month for up to 5 months . your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 10 mg per kg of bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 2 ml ) given once a month for up to 5 months . your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 10 mg per kg of bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 2 ml ) given once a month for up to 5 months . your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 10 mg per kg of bodyweight ( up to a maximum of 2 ml ) given once a month for up to 5 months . your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years or older ) your child ' s doctor will decide how long you need to give yourself the injections . for children and adolescents ( aged 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 10 mg
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 1 ml per kg body weight ). the total daily dose should not exceed 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 500 mg , 1 , 000 mg . this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 300 mg ). you should not take this medicine at any time of the day . this medicine should be taken with a meal . this medicine should be swallowed whole with or without food . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
docetaxel_accord will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the dose will be calculated based on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration docetaxel mylan will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , or hospital pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg film - coated tablet once a day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 7 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 7 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may increase your dose to 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 7 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your dose to 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . swallow the tablets with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more qtern than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take slenyto if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 7 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ecalta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over 3 hours . the infusion will last about 3 hours . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your infusion and for 3 hours before you are given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you are given more dexmedetomidine teva than you should this medicine will be given to you under medical supervision , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
adynovi will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding your doctor will calculate the dose for you , or the type of bleeding . prevention of bleeding the usual dose of this medicine is 40 to 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosing intervals or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . if you use more kogenate bayer than you should if you use more kogenate bayer than you should , contact your doctor . if you forget to use kogenate bayer if you forget a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 2 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using kogenate bayer do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 250 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 12 hours after your last dose of several_injections at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . injecting rekovelle yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject it . your doctor may test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is needed . if you use more this medicine than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to use tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . do not stop taking airexar spiromax or reduce the dose of this medicine without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . do not stop using airexar spiromax or reduce your dose of airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . even if you feel better , do not stop using airexar spiromax or reduce your dose of airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . even if you feel better , do not stop using airexar spiromax or reduce your dose of airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 2 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more atripla than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . urgent treatment may be necessary . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take emtricitabine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with orgalutran will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hereditary angioedema . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is  the dose of orgalutran per day . your doctor will tell you : how much the_pre-filled_syringe you need each day and at the same time each day . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will adjust the dose and adjust the dose according to your needs . the maximum daily dose is between 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum dose should not exceed 6 . 5 mg / kg . each dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject pressure with the pump , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more puregon than you should please contact your doctor or nurse if you think too much fluid has been injected . if you forget to use puregon if you have missed an injection , please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
blitzima will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given the_initial_treatment under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 . 5 g sachet ( one injection ) once a month for 6 months . each injection will be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with treatment in children and adolescents ( 2 years of age and older ), your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your disease . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with treatment in children and adolescents ( 2 years of age and older ), your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your disease and body weight and how you respond to treatment . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment you will receive . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for nurse . the medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse into a vein ( intravenous nurse ). the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 30 ml / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 30 ml per kg body weight ). the dose for children aged 12 years and older is based on body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the dose for children aged 12 years and older is based on body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the dose for children aged 12 years and older is based on body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , given every 12 hours . corticosteroids may also be given once a day for 12 weeks . this will be followed by a maintenance dose of 12 mg / kg body weight . corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip directly into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 150 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 150 years and over at least 150 kg . your doctor will tell you how much xoterna mylan to use and how long you should use it . however your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . you should continue to inhale xoterna breezhaler until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information about how to use the inhaler . if you use more inhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( half tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( half tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( two tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( two tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once or twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once or twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once or twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once or twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once or twice a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once or twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg (
this medicine is only to be used in a hospital by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into
always use depocyte exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . depocyte is given as an injections just under the injections ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how much depocyte you need and for how long . adults ( age 1 - 17 years of age ): the recommended dose is 50 mg three times a day for children and adolescents ( 4 to 17 years of age ), the recommended starting dose is 50 mg . each injections will be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and inject the injections . for children ( aged 1 month to 17 years ) the recommended starting dose for adults and adolescents ( 12 years and older ) is 50 mg each day for children and adolescents ( from 1 year to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or less . - the starting dose is 50 mg , given once a month for 14 days . each injections will be given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) into a 21 - day period ( for example , one in the morning and the evening ). for example , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose depending on how you respond to injections . the maximum dose is 7 . 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight , given once a month for 14 days . for children and adolescents ( from 3 years of age ) the recommended starting dose for children and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ) is based on body weight and body weight and is calculated by body weight and will be calculated by your doctor according to your child ' s age and body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for pregnant . children and adolescents ( aged 1 month to 17 years ) the recommended starting dose for children and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ) is based on body weight and body weight of body weight and is calculated by body weight and will be calculated by your doctor according to your child ' s age and body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for pregnant . children and adolescents ( aged 1 month to 17 years ) the recommended starting dose for children and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ) is based on body weight and body weight of body weight and is calculated by body weight and will be calculated by your doctor according to your child ' s age and body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for pregnant . children and adolescents ( aged 1 month to 17 years ) the recommended starting dose for children and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ) is 50 mg per kg of body weight given twice a week . for children and adolescents ( from 9 years of age ) the recommended starting dose for adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ) is not recommended for children and adolescents aged 1 year and older . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for pregnant . children and adolescents ( aged 1 month to 17 years ) the recommended starting dose for children and adolescents ( aged 1 to 17 years of age ) must not exceed children and adolescents aged 1 year and older . your child ' s doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . for children and adolescents ( from 1 to 17 years of age ) the dose for children and adolescents is 7 mg for each kg of body weight . for children aged 1 year and older , the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your child ' s age and body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents aged 1 to 17 years of age is 7 . 5 mg for each kg of body weight , given once a month . for children and adolescents aged 1 year to 17 years , the recommended dose is 50 mg per kg of body weight given twice a week . for children and adolescents aged 1 year to 17 years , the recommended dose is 50 mg per kg of body weight given twice a week . for children and adolescents aged 1 year to 17 years , the recommended dose is 50 mg per kg of body weight given twice a week . for children and adolescents aged 1 year to 17 years , the recommended dose is 50 mg a day based on your child '
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_asthma are experienced . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the inhaler with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). - the inhaler should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the inhaler to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you inhale too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget a dose , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be taken as 75 mg once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 300 mg , to be
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have moderate kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to a maximum of your_infection . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may tell you to take a lower dose .
always use nespo exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the dose of nespo depends on your child ' s age , body weight and height . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s body weight and will be calculated by your doctor . the dose is calculated from your child ' s body weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often you need to take , and whether you need to carry out urine tests . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 10 g / dl ( 7 . 5 mmol / l ). your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often you need to take , and whether you need to carry out urine tests . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 10 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 10 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 10 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 10 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 10 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 10 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your anaemia is working . if you are given too much iron_supplements as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of accidental overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 injections ( 2 injections ) three times a day for up to 6 months and up to 6 months after the first injections . the first injections should be given after an interval of at least 6 months between each dose . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 injections ( 2 injections ) three times a day for up to 6 months . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given kepivance as a drip into a vein ( intravenous vein ). the infusion will last 60 minutes . the infusion will last 60 minutes . the infusion will last 60 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . each infusion will be given over 60 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . each infusion will be given over 60 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . each infusion will be given over a period of 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take cinacalcet_accordpharma exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will also tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of cinacalcet_accordpharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . treatment with cinacalcet_accordpharma will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with regular_blood_samples . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will also tell you the dose to take .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking another_oral_anti-diabetic_medicine . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of jentadueto to take . - if you are being treated for currently currently the usual starting dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of metformin twice a day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 2,000 years of age ), you should take another_oral_anti-diabetic_medicine together with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more another_oral_anti-diabetic_medicine than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else has taken your tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take your_sulphonylurea if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water . if you take more an_alternative_regimen than you should if you take too many tablets talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take an_alternative_regimen if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking an_alternative_regimen do not stop taking your medicine , unless advised otherwise by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of avandamet is one tablet of 1000 mg or 1 mg of rosiglitazone per day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of avandamet is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 1000 mg ( 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg ). if you have the impression that the effect of avandamet is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1000 years or more ), your doctor will decide whether to stop the treatment . your doctor will tell you how many tablets of the_maximum_dose to give to your child . the maximum daily dose is 1000 mg ( 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 4 tablets of 1000 mg ) once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of diarrhoea is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1000 years or more ), your doctor will decide whether to stop the treatment . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of diarrhoea is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 8 years of age ), you should take the_maximum_dose tablets with or without food . if you take more the_maximum_dose than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could unwell below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar diarrhoea , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take your_blood_sugar if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 8 hours before your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking metformin do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a d . d ., but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . do not take this medicine with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . swallow the tablet ( s ) whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . high blood pressure ), the usual dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight . a higher or lower starting dose may be recommended by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required for you . usually , the usual dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required for you . usually , the usual dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required for you . usually , the usual dose is 10 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take viagra exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take viagra with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one 100 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 50 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 100 years of age ), you should take this medicine once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more tesavel than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , tell your doctor . this medicine is only to cause any serious problems . however , if you take more medicine than you have been told to , tell your doctor straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your cholesterol problem may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take sifrol exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of pramipexole accord is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take sifrol with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take pramipexole teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pramipexole teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 4 weeks of age ), you should take pramipexole accord normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more pramipexole accord than you should if you have taken too much pramipexole teva , you may experience depression , apathy , fatigue , fatigue , sweating or pain . if you experience these symptoms you should contact your physician . if you forget to take pramipexole accord if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pramipexole accord do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking aripiprazole accord for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking this medicine , symptoms such as depression , unable to sleep , anxiety , fatigue , fatigue , sweating , and pain . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking this medicine for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or 1 drop in the affected eye or eyelid , once a day in the evening . method of administration swallow the bottle with a glass of water . do not touch your eye with the tip of the tip of the bottle . do not touch your eyelid or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take you should start by taking one tablet a day . after treatment , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 250 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking levetiracetam_actavis , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 250 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 6 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of levetiracetam teva to give to your child . the amount of levetiracetam teva given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents must not exceed 6 . 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight , given once a day . for children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 50 kg : the usual dose of levetiracetam accord is 6 mg once a day , for example , one in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 6 mg tablet of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 50 mg or 2 tablets of 250 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 17 months ), children ( 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . an oral solution is a formulation more appropriate to infants and children under the age of 6 years and to children and adolescent ( from 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg and when tablets don
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many xoterna breezhaler orodispersible tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of elebrato ellipta is one tablet per day . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . if your symptoms do not improve if your copd symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or get worse , or if you are using your quick - acting inhaler more often : contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you take more elebrato ellipta than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking elebrato ellipta do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 100 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change the dose of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you receive more injections than you should this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an injections ) your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you miss your appointment to receive injections make another appointment as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take ninlaro exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one 40 mg tablet each day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 3 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with dexamethasone , you should continue with this while you are taking lenalidomide . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more lenalidomide than you should if you take more lenalidomide than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take lenalidomide if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 7 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lenalidomide do not stop taking lenalidomide without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 3 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor may increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 3 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you should take palforzia . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may also want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more hands than you should if you have accidentally taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take cufence do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take the next dose at the scheduled time . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the
