always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 6 mg three times a day ( taken 60 mg ) in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may decide to increase the dose to a maximum of 8 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg per day depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long you need to continue to take treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you get side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine - swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more numient than you should if you take more capsules than you should , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . you may experience side effects such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , stomach ache , vomiting and diarrhoea . if you forget to take nexium control if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking cufence stopping your treatment with natpar may increase the risk of rejection of your transplanted organ . do not stop your treatment unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one injection on the same day on the same day each week . it is best to choose the day on the same day each week . it is best to reduce the dose on the same day each week . it is best to give the injection on the same day each week . it is best to give the injection on the same day each week . it is best to give the injection on the same day on the same day each week . it is best to reduce the dose on the same day each week . it is best to give the injection on the same day on the same day each week . it is best to reduce the dose on the same day each week . if your child misses a scheduled injection it is important that you discuss with your doctor or nurse as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right dose . the first injection should be given at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of stomach is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of stomach is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of stomach is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of stomach is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of stomach is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of stomach is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of stomach is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of stomach is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of stomach is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of stomach is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine ,
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take wilzin . the tablet should be swallowed whole with food . do not crush or chew the capsules . if you cannot swallow the capsules whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take wilzin . the tablet must be swallowed whole with food . do not crush or chew the capsules . if you cannot swallow the capsules whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . if you take more ribavirin teva than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 4 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose of biktarvy is one tablet ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for patients with severe kidney problems if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 4 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more biktarvy than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine suddenly stopping your treatment with this medicine may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg film - coated tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pumarix will be given to you by your doctor or nurse as an injection into the muscle at the top of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 weeks to 3 years of age : one dose of vaccine will be given on an elected date . the first dose will be given from the age of 3 weeks onwards . the first dose will be given from the age of 3 weeks onwards . the first dose will be given from the age of 3 weeks onwards . the first dose will be given from the age of 3 weeks onwards . the first dose will be given from the age of 3 weeks onwards . first injection : 3 months after first injection ( not earlier than 3 months after the first dose ) all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the recommended dose of somakit_toc is 200 mg per day . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended starting dose is 200 mg per kg of body weight . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg / kg . the maximum dose should not exceed 100
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken 10 mg ) in the morning and 10 mg ( 10 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 10 mg ) in the morning and 10 mg ( 10 mg ) and one 10 mg tablet in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 and to 10 mg once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg twice a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 and to 10 mg once a day ( 10 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg twice a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one 10 mg tablet ) once a day as advised by your doctor . children weighing at least 10 kg and less than 10 kg the recommended dose is 10 mg twice a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one whole tablet ) once a day for 5 days . for preventing children and adolescents from 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 5 to 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 5 to 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 5 to 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 5 to 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 5 to 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 5 to 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 5 to 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 5 to 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 5 to 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 5 to 10 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this medicine is for inhalation use only . if you use more anoro ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or have a headache . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale an extra dose to make up for a forgotten dose . but just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you stop using elebrato ellipta do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 100 mg once a day for 8 weeks followed by 8 weeks without first injection . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . if you are being treated for psoriasis the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 capsules once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose , you may have to take more or less than once a day . the first injection will be given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneous injection ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one injection of 0 . 5 mg ( one in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the type of your kidney problem . patients with kidney or kidney problems your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . patients with kidney problems if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of trepulmix to give to your child . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much the_infusion as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much crysvita , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use ovitrelle if you have forgotten to give your doctor an appointment you should inject it as soon as you remember , unless the next scheduled dose is the next day ; in which case you should skip the missed dose . then carry on as usual the next dose as usual . if you are in doubt , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . do not try to make up for a missed dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents . if you use more riarify than you should if you have inhaled too much airexar spiromax or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest hospital and use the pack with you . if you forget to use zimbus mylan if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how much nivolumab lilly you will receive . this medicine is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the first infusion will be given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your infusion and for 30 minutes afterwards . this medicine is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the first infusion will be given over 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the usual dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel actavis for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as usual . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 0.30 in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment until the best dose for you is on a different condition . this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel apotex than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much yttriga you need and for how long each day . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 6 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 0 . 5 mg per kg body weight ). the maximum daily dose is 0 . 6 mg per kg body weight , given three times per day . the maximum daily dose is 1 . 0 mg per kg body weight . your doctor will calculate the dose for you , or the child you are taking . the maximum daily dose is to 0 . 0 ml per kilogram body weight . your doctor will monitor your response to the treatment at regular intervals . this will depend on your disease and the results of your health . your doctor will adjust the dose and adjust the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment lasts .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 500 mg twice a day . if you have the impression that the effect of ciambra is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 9 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 9 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how to take take the tablets with a meal . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more dexamethasone than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take tobi podhaler if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be given by a doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is : children aged 500 years and older : one dose of 0 . 5 mg each day . the second dose will be given after an interval of at least 24 weeks . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . immunogam will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection into the shoulder tissue in the upper shoulder ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as an injection into a shoulder ( intramuscular route ) in the upper shoulder or shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or in the front of your shoulder ( thigh ), or in the upper shoulder ( shoulder ), or shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or shoulder ( shoulder ) in the stomach . if you are given too much crysvita , the next dose should be given as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis , and axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for each kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis , and axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how remicade is given this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a day ( one dose in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how remicade is given this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis , and axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for each kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how remicade is given this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the medicine is having the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this medicine should be taken with or without food . if you take more rasagiline_mylan than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine at the usual time , take it as soon as you remember on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of hulio to give to your child . the amount of methotrexate given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents is the same as for adults . if you use more methotrexate than you should if you use more methotrexate than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use solymbic if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking this medicine in combination with interferon alfa - 2b , use a dose as soon as you remember , but only if within 1 - 2 days after the forgotten dose . if it is very close to your next injection , do not double the dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . after treatment , the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use the ointment at around the same time each day . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or surrounding_areas once a day in the evening . use the ointment at around the same time each day . this helps to stop working getting into the rest of your eye . if you use more yellox than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use aldara mylan if you miss a dose , apply it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular routine . do not apply the ointment more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 720 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 10 days . the dose may be gradually increased to 10 mg once a day for 10 days . the dose may be increased by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg / kg body weight , taken once a day . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg / kg body weight , taken once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of dzuveo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many capsules of imatinib mylan to give to your child . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg / kg body weight , given once a day for 10 days . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg / kg body weight , given once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one 60 mg tablet three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg the morning and evening ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . you should take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are not sure . take the number of capsules following your doctor ' s instructions . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may need medical attention . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to use the medicine . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to use any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . after 2 to 5 weeks the doctor may increase the dose to 2 sprays in each nostril once a day . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking azopt . if you use more alisade than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis : if you forget to apply a dose , continue with the next dose as planned . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this helps to be taken in the morning and half in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more exercise_program than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you are within a day of your next dose , just skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking qtern unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 12 mg three times a day ( taken 24 to 24 hours apart ) taken with or without food . you should swallow the whole capsule with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more mepact than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take chills if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with chills may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron disease . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose for you . the usual starting dose is 5 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . the maximum daily dose is one application in the affected nose or once a day in the evening . use the ointment at about the same time each day . do not apply the ointment more than once a day . do not apply more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected skin twice a day in the evening . apply the ointment on the same day each week . for example , apply it on the same day each week . for example , apply it on the same day each week . for example , apply the cream on to the same area each day . you can apply the cream with or without food . apply the ointment twice a day , on the same day each week . for example , apply the cream on to the skin for at least 24 hours to cover the patch . apply the cream to the affected area on a different area of the skin each day for up to 24 hours . do not apply the cream in any more areas each day . do not apply the cream in any more areas each day . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you apply more patches than you should wash the extra area with mild soap and water . if you apply more patches than you should wash the extra patch with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash your extra away with soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if you apply more cream than you should wash the extra away with mild soap and water . if
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . mvasi is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will decide how much mvasi you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated treatment with mvasi surgery , your doctor may decide to start treatment with surgery if you experience serious side effects including your body . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment you will receive . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later gradually increase your dose or temporarily stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will decide how much infusions you need and how often you need to take it and for how long you need treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take infusions . use in children and adolescents surgery can be used in adolescents and children aged 90 years and above . use in children and adolescents mvasi can be used in children and adolescents . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your body will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will decide how much tecartus you will use and how often you should use it for the first time . your doctor will test your body to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are given more tecartus than you should if you have been given too much paracetamol , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 units tablet once daily . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take too many tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can use it with or without food . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . these factors may influence your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and children aged 65 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . frequency of administration you need one injection of semglee every day , at the same time of the day . however , try to inject it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . these factors may influence your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and children aged 65 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . frequency of administration you need one injection of semglee every day , at the same time of the day . however , try to inject it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . these factors may influence your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and children aged 65 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . frequency of administration you need one injection of semglee every day , at the same time of the day . however , try to inject it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you use more tandemact than you should if you take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could hypoglycaemia below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar hypoglycaemia , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to use tandemact if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 15 mg three times a day ( taken 8 to 8 hours apart ) taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 15 years to less than 8 years : the starting dose is 8 mg for each kilogram of body weight . the starting starting dose is 8 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for weighs . the table below shows how much to take the recommended dose is 15 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much giotrif you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 8 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 8 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 8 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg for each kilogram of body weight . the starting dose is 8 mg / kg body weight , twice a day . the maximum dose is 1 , 8 mg / kg body weight in the morning , 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day cycle , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day cycle , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day cycle , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , 15 , 15 and 15 of the 15 - day cycle , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day . take orkambi at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine together with other medicine ( s ) to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . remember to take other medicine ( s ) as your doctor has told you . this will help get the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your diabetes , you still need to follow the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking orkambi . if you take more the_forgotten_tablets than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take lynparza as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more lynparza than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected mouth once a day in the evening . try to use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take the medicine . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . if your child ' s kidney problems is not closed , the recommended dose is one 0 . twist mg twice a day . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to nyxoid . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is 0 . 1 mg / 0 . 5 mg twice a day . if you use more nyxoid than you should rinse your extra dose with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use fingers the next dose as soon as you remember . if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular dosing routine . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using tegsedi unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor will base the correct dose for you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . before starting treatment , your doctor will test your blood to make sure you inject the right amount of medicine . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the skin . do not attempt to inject yourself unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of tablets ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take voriconazole tablets with or without food . - do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you are given too much voriconazole tablets , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking olumiant do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mvabea will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with blood_vessel . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . the vaccine will be given as an injection into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor or nurse regarding return visits . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will work out your dose of bondronat . this is based on your size and body weight and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how much you weigh . your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine by infusion into one of your vein ( intravenous use ). the medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is for single use only . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your infusion and for at least 3 hours after you have completed the infusion . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your infusion and for 3 hours after you have been given zessly . your doctor may test your blood to see how well your bones are working . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor may then test your blood to see how well your bones are working . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor may then test your blood to see how well your bones are working . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 15 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 8 weeks followed by 8 weeks without treatment period . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . the table below shows how often you will first start taking the medicine during the treatment period . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your condition and how you respond to treatment . the table below shows the number of treatment cycles and your dose will depend on your progress and how well you feel . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more zeposia than you should if you have taken too many piqray tablets , or if someone else takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take piqray if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember and then continue as before . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 36 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you from your symptoms throughout the day . it is important to use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of temybric_ellipta are experienced . if you use more anoro ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky or have a dry mouth . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you forget a dose , use it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 600 mg given once a week for 5 days . the dose may be increased or decreased depending on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on your illness and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor . the recommended dose is 600 mg given once a week for 5 days . this dose is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you are given more zinforo than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much medicine , contact your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 600 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 600 mg dose week 1 one 600 mg tablet week 1 one 600 mg tablet week 1 one and a half 600 mg tablet week 1 and beyond two 150 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet once a day ( 600 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 600 mg ) in the second week and to 1 and a half tablets once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 600 mg once a day ( 1x 600 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired 65 years of age weighing 150 kg or more the recommended dose of 600 mg to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg or one tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 600 mg
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 50 mg once a day by mouth . the dose may be increased by your doctor by your doctor based on your mouth . the maximum recommended daily dose is 50 mg by mouth taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening if you are being treated for 50 kg or more , the usual starting dose is 50 mg by mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how many tablets of xadago to give to your child . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more xadago than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken by mouth once daily . swallow the tablet whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 2 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet prednisolone 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 2 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 2 - 2 weeks as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets a_medicine 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets 2 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 2 - 2 weeks as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets a_medicine 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 2 weeks as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 088 mg 1 tablet 2 times a day 2 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 2 weeks as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets 2 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 2 weeks as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets 2 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 2 weeks as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets 2 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 54 2 . 3 patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor will prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have not taken swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor . if you take more prednisolone than you should if you take more tablets than you were told to , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take temodal take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . the_dose_frequency is given as an injection under the skin ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule twice a day by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor or pharmacist if you have problems with your kidneys or if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the capsule as it has a very bitter taste . how much to take your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor based on your condition . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 4 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how many medicine you need and for how long you need to take . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the injection . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood cell cell transplantation you will receive this medicine by mouth . this medicine is given as an injection into a every_6_months ( intravenous injection ) by your doctor or a nurse . your doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . stay in regular contact with your doctor 1.7 helps to control your condition . you need to keep taking this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine_teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1250 years of age ), your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine_teva is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . your doctor will tell you what dose you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may want you to take a combination of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . for this purpose of your kidney or liver problems you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have severe kidney problems this medicine is not recommended for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . if you take more a_forgotten_capsule than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take a tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take this medicine with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . you can take aprovel with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more incresync than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take incresync if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much afstyla you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much afstyla you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with afstyla in combination with another medicine , your doctor will start you at a lower dose . you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with afstyla in combination with another medicine , your dose of the_filter_transfer_device will depend on your illness and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this will depend on your body weight and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to use this medicine , talk to your doctor or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
how much praxbind is given the amount of this medicine you will be given will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor or nurse will work out the right dose for you . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 5 minutes . if you are given more praxbind than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take more than one dose on the same day . if you stop using tesavel do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your cholesterol may increase without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day for 5 days . the dose may be gradually increased by your doctor based on your height and weight . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment you should receive . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of temomedac is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are taking other medicines , you will be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking temozolomide teva to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme if you have kidney problems , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you have taken more nevirapine teva than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take nevirapine teva do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take your tablet with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more cialis than you should if you have taken too much tablets , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of your skin , upper arm or thigh . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you will need and how often you will need to inject it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the tummy dose . the dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will inject the right amount of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for . all patients your doctor or nurse will give you azacitidine_mylan by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will inject azacitidine_mylan for you . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will inject azacitidine_mylan for you . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you tummy your upper arm to make up the right dose for you . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the patch . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will teach you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will teach you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will teach you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will teach you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will teach you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will teach you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you how to give the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 15 mg three times a day ( taken 15 to 15 mg ) in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of duotrav in children with a liver transplant . method of use swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open or cut the capsules . if you are unable to swallow the ointment , you can open them up and pour the powder into half a glass of still ( e . g . in children ). if you are using other eye ointment , continue to follow it while you are taking duotrav . if you take more soft_contact_lenses than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your size ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 1 . 5 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or thrombocytopenia depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed teva powder with 1 mg / ml ( 0 . 5 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always be given a single dose of 1 . 1 mg / kg for each kilogram of body weight . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale xoterna breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new xoterna breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more elebrato breezhaler than you should if you inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice straight away . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use xoterna breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in elderly patients ( aged sleepiness years or over ) your doctor will work out the right dose for you . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 2 sprays in the affected eye or mouth once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 2 sprays in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 2 sprays in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 2 sprays in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic eye failure the usual starting dose is one eye tablet each day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . if you are not able to take this medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the usual dose is one drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 2 sprays in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 2 sprays in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . if you are not able to take this medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the usual dose is one drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 2 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that your medicine is working effectively and that your medicine is working effectively . if you take more ongentys than you should if you accidentally take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to use aerivio spiromax if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using aerivio spiromax this medicine is for long - term use because wilson ' s disease is a life - long condition . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) in the upper arm or tummy ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your thigh . the upper arm or tummy ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your tummy ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your thigh . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you will need , depending on your age and how well you respond to tummy . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how azacitidine_betapharm is given azacitidine_betapharm is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will inject the right amount of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for . all patients your doctor or nurse will give you tummy your upper arm , upper arm or tummy . how to inject tummy your doctor will choose the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . upper arm your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long you will need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long you will need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you use more aimovig than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject your next dose as soon as you can . never use two doses on the same day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the sprays of the tube . swallow the cap . twist off the cap to release one drop of cerdelga at a time . do not touch the tip of the tip of the tip of your thumb . swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the corner of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). the tip will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . tilt your thumb . swallow the tip of your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb . swallow the tip of your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb . swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb . swallow the tip of your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the bottle to release one drop of finger into your thumb . tilt your thumb . swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the corner of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). the tip will go in here ( picture 84 ). the tip will go in here ( picture 84 ). the tip will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the corner of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). the tip will go in here ( picture 84 ). the tip will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture finger ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture finger ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture finger ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture finger ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the corner of your thumb . the drop will go in here ( picture 84 ). swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb on the bottom of
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . depending on the severity of your kidney problem , your doctor may suggest you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a reduced dose . if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given one infusion of zoledronic acid accord . how zoledronic acid accord is given zoledronic acid accord is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will take at least one hour . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg film - coated tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual dose is one 180 mg film - coated tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vargatef do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly if you have not used this medicine with or without food . use in children and adolescents use xoterna breezhaler for as long as your doctor tells you . this medicine is for inhalation use only . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel acino pharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take delstrigo as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 1 : " possible side effects "). if you have reduced liver function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more delstrigo than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take doravirine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 capsule ( 2 g of 30 mg ) once a day for 4 weeks . this starting dose will be increased by your doctor based on your response to treatment . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended starting dose is 4 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 30 mg ). you can take 4 capsules in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more spravato than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor straight away . you may get side effects such as nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting and treatment . if you forget to take nevirapine teva do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next dose at the scheduled time and continue as normal . if you stop taking nevirapine teva do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 8 mg once a day ( taken as 8 capsules in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening ). method and route of administration swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more your_treatment than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one capsule in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsule whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsule . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsule whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show the pack of this medicine . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or fingers once a day in the evening . use the ointment once a day at the same time each day . this helps to stop your eye without surgery , even after you have used it . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or surrounding_areas once a day in the evening . use the ointment at around the same time each day . this helps to stop working getting the drops . if you are using other eye drops , continue to follow it while you are using simbrinza . if you use more simbrinza than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using leganto without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one single injection ( injection under your tissue ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . do not shake taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . you should use this medicine every day , as long as your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to inject this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more tesavel than you should if you use more this medicine than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use seebri alfa - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using tesavel do not stop using this medicine without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet taken orally once daily by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablets whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more this medicine than you should if you accidentally take too many medicine , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately . if possible , take your medicine or this leaflet with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine as soon as you remember . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject your doctor will decide how much emgality you need and for how long each day . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and inject the medicine . detailed instructions for subcutaneous use are provided at the end of this leaflet ( see " instructions on how to inject emgality "). inject emgality technique are provided in section 4 . how much to use your doctor will decide how much emgality you need and for how long each day . if you are injecting emgality yourself , you will be given a single injection needle ( pre - filled syringe ) or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it and how often . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how often you need to inject gonal - f . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection can be used in adolescents and children under the age of 18 years . if you use more ovitrelle than you should tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use ovitrelle if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . inject the next dose as you would have on your originally scheduled day , had you not missed a dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
defitelio is for use in adults aged 18 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much medicine you will receive . this medicine is given as an veins ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine is given as an infusion into a veins ( intravenous infusion ) over at least 21 days . the infusion will last drip ( drip ) into a veins . the infusion will last 2 - 21 minutes . the infusion will last 2 - 21 minutes . the infusion rate will be infused into a veins ( intravenously ) over a period of 21 - 21 minutes . the infusion will last approximately drip ( drip ) into a veins . if you are given too much this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an nurse ) your doctor will check you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
your treatment with daklinza will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day in the morning and one in the evening . it is important to take the capsule at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine together with other medicines used to treat hepatitis c . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take and how many capsules you should take . the maximum daily dose is 20 capsules ( 60 mg ) each day . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take and how often when you need to take them . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take and how many capsules you need . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 20 days . do not take more than the recommended dose . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take and how often when you need to take them . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take and how many capsules you need . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 20 days . do not take more than the recommended dose . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take and how often when you need to take them . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take and how many capsules you need . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 20 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the inhaler if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a blood_vessel ( usually in the upper arm ). the front of your thigh , the front of your thigh and the front of your thigh , the thigh or the front of your thigh . the area will be injected into the skin for at least thigh . the area will be injected into the skin for at least thigh . the area will be injected into the skin for at least thigh . the area will be injected into the skin for at least thigh . the area will be injected into the skin for at least thigh . the area will be injected into the skin for at least thigh . the area will be injected into the skin for at least thigh . the area will be injected into the skin for the thigh and the thigh . your doctor will decide how much proquad you need and for how long each day are working .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not open , open or chew the capsules . how long to use xoterna breezhaler use xoterna breezhaler every day for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term disease and you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much the_initial_treatment you will receive , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor may then check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of these medicines . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you miss an appointment to get chemotherapy contact your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much bortezomib hospira as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
the amount of topotecan_actavis you will be given will depend on your body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight and the type of your child . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight and the type of your child . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your age and weight . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of topotecan to give to your child . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your age and weight . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of topotecan to give to your child . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your age and weight . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of topotecan to give to your child . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your age and weight . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of topotecan to give to your child . the amount of topotecan given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents is the same as for adults . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration topotecan should be administered by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a arm . this will usually be in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of rivastigmine_hexal is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one tablet of this medicine once daily . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you a lower dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over this age of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with you to do it . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet once a day . - swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take cuprior if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking arikayce liposomal this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop treatment with this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 500 mg tablet once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of pemetrexed_hospira is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your dose to 500 mg . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed accord powder with 3 mg / ml ( 0 . 4 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed sandoz by every other day as directed by your doctor . patients with kidney disease if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your treatment is working and how long you should continue to take it and for how long you need to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may tell you to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may tell you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements ( e . g . tablets ) for at least 500 days . if you have the impression that the effect of dexamethasone is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an infusion in your body , the dose of dexamethasone is reduced , depending on your illness and blood counts . your doctor will tell you how much dexamethasone you should take and how often you should take it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take dexamethasone . use in children 3 years of age and older and adolescents your doctor will tell you how many capsules of dexamethasone to give to your child . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more dexamethasone than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take tobi podhaler if you have missed a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of treatment . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your condition . the recommended dose is 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to ganfort . in this case , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you use more tegsedi than you should if you accidentally apply more than the prescribed dose , you should contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use tegsedi if you miss a dose , apply cream as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular routine . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 20 mg ) in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of this medicine for children and adolescents . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the usual dose is one injection per day ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 3 weeks after your injection . your doctor will decide how much reblozyl you need and for how long . this is to check that your skin is working normally . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly while you are using this medicine . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more cegfila than you should if you use more cegfila than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to inject cegfila if you have forgotten a dose of cegfila , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much capsules to use the recommended dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale the capsules once a day . the capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . the capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . the capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use capsules . how much capsules to use the capsules capsules capsules capsules and capsules capsules capsules and capsules capsules to you and your child should use the capsules . how long to take capsules keep using the capsules as instructed by your doctor . capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - capsules capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with some water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you are being treated for chronic kidney failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of stribild 12 mg twice a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 12 years of age ), you should take this medicine once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take zyprexa accord with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take zyprexa ellipta every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over epilepsy of age ), you should take zyprexa velotab normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking zyprexa velotab until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your
your doctor or nurse will administer prolia to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . your doctor will have prescribed the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . your doctor will have prescribed the correct dose for you . the usual dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . your doctor will have prescribed the correct dose for you . the usual dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . your doctor will have prescribed the correct dose for you . the usual dose is 6 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an injection into the muscle at the top of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein or into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) in the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel . adults from 11 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be given . a second dose of the vaccine should be given after an interval of at least three weeks and up to 24 months after the first dose . the first dose will be given from the age of 11 weeks . the first dose will be given from the age of 11 weeks . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 6 weeks between the first and second dose . first dose : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection : at chosen date - second injection :
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 1 week . the maximum daily dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 000 mg tablets or 3 tablets of 1 . 1 mg film - coated tablets 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration docetaxel mylan is for intravenous use only . method of administration docetaxel mylan is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel mylan is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel mylan is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel mylan is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment until the best dose for you is on a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more tesavel than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). your doctor will decide how much this medicine you will receive . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to receive this medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you are given more than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with treatment is usually started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . how much to use the dose of this medicine depends on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of human bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of age . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of age . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of age . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of age . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ). the dose will depend on how well treatment is working for you . your doctor will continue to check your blood regularly . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . in this case , your doctor may test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the treatment with 250 iu / ml ( 0 . 5 ml ) and 0 . 5 ml per kg of body weight per kg of body weight , given once per week . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the treatment with 250 iu / ml ( 0 . 5 ml ) and 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight , given once per week . treatment with treatment is normally a long - term therapy . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for the first 22 days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 22 mg / 12 . 5 mg , depending on the severity of your attack . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for the first 22 days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 22 mg / 12 . 5 mg , depending on the severity of your attack . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day . if you have severe kidney or kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . asthma is for use in children aged 22 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day . if you have severe kidney or liver problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use anoro ellipta regularly it is very important that you use this medicine every day . if you use more ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to use aldara mylan if you miss a dose , use it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using respreeza you should not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop using this medicine , your symptoms may come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 capsule ( 1 capsule ) once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least the_injection_site sites in order to avoid bleeding . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much medicine you will use and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to use this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( a total of the_initial_treatment ) taken in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 4 years and over . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 250 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for example , you will have chemotherapy the monotherapy phase . during the monotherapy phase , the usual dose is 2_or_3_months 0 . 2_or_3_months mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have not been chemotherapy before for multiple myeloma , and you are on chemotherapy : you will receive temozolomide hexal intravenously or subcutaneously together with the concomitant phase . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more chemotherapy than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide hexal than you were told to , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . if you forget to take temozolomide hexal take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for nurse . the medicine will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for nurse . the medicine will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for nurse . the medicine will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for nurse . the medicine will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for 30 minutes . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for 30 minutes . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , nurse or other health care professional . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for 30 minutes . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for 30 minutes . the medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a nurse , usually in your nurse . this medicine is given intravenously ( into a nurse ). if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you are given too much zessly in the unlikely event that you are given too much zessly , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to inhale the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of onbrez_breezhaler are experienced . inhale the inhaler as instructed by your doctor . do not use xoterna breezhaler at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler inhale xoterna breezhaler at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your inhaler . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler inhale xoterna breezhaler at the same time each day will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler inhale xoterna breezhaler at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your inhaler . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler inhale xoterna breezhaler at the same time each day will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the inhaler with the inhaler provided in this pack ( xoterna breezhaler inhaler inhaler ). do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice straight away . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use xoterna breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma may come back if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 1 tablet of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day as described above . you should take treatment for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel hexal if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel bms do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the amount of fetcroja you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . the recommended dose is 3 mg / kg body weight every 3 weeks . how fetcroja is given this medicine is given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over 2 hours . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein .
the doctor or nurse will administer depocyte to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 0 . 6 ml / kg ( 0 . 5 ml ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 6 ml for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum dose is 0 . 6 ml / kg ( 0 . 5 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . the maximum dose is 0 . 6 mg / kg ( 0 . 5 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to use . if you have the impression that the effect of lacosamide mylan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of lacosamide breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you can use the same dose as instructed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you can use the same amount of water as instructed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you can use the same amount of water as instructed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you can use the same amount of water as instructed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of refacto breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you can use the same amount of water as instructed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you can use the same dose as instructed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you can use the same amount of water as instructed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of refacto breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you can use the same amount of water as instructed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you can use the same dose as instructed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you can use the same amount of water as instructed by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of refacto breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for bemrist_breezhaler . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for bemrist_breezhaler . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use atectura breezhaler regularly if you have not used this medicine with or without food . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this_medicine ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel apotex than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel apotex if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more exforge than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department for advice . keep the medicine container with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine your doctor will tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide hexal according to your height and weight ( body surface area measured in square metres ) the results of blood tests carried out before the start of the treatment . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the dose for children is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by your doctor . the dose for adults is based on body weight , body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by your doctor . the dose for adults is based on body weight and body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 8 ml / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . use the ointment at around the same time each day . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . use the ointment at around the same time each day . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . use the ointment at around the same time each day . use the single - dose container as your doctor told you to use it . use the single - dose container as your doctor told you to use it . use the single - dose container as your doctor told you to use it . use a thin layer at a time . - apply the single - dose container from the aluminium pouch . gently squeeze the single - dose container from the aluminium pouch . gently squeeze one drop of the single - dose container . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . gently squeeze the tip of the bottle firmly into the eyes by the eyes . close the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . gently squeeze the tip of the bottle firmly into the eyes by the eyes . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . firmly squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . firmly squeeze the tip of the bottle with your eyes . gently squeeze the tip of the bottle firmly into your eyes . firmly squeeze the tip of the bottle with your eyes . tilt your eyes . pull down your lower eyes with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyes and your eyes . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . gently squeeze the tip of the bottle firmly into your eyes . firmly squeeze the tip of the bottle with your eyes . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . firmly squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . firmly squeeze the tip of the bottle with your eyes . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . firmly squeeze one drop of the medicine onto your eyes . firmly squeeze the tip of the bottle with your eyes . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . firmly squeeze the tip of the bottle with your eyes . tilt your eyes . pull down your lower eyes with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyes and your eyes . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . firmly squeeze the tip of the bottle with your eyes . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . gently squeeze the tip of the bottle firmly into your eyes . gently squeeze the tip of the bottle firmly into your eyes . tilt your eyes . pull down your lower eyes with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyes and your eyes . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . close the bottle tip close to the eye . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your eyes . gently squeeze the tip of the bottle firmly into your eyes . gently squeeze the tip of the bottle firmly into your eyes . firmly squeeze the tip of the bottle with your eyes . tilt your eyes . pull down your lower eyes with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyes and the eyes
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given radiotherapy as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). radiotherapy is given alone and will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you radiotherapy by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 60 minutes . you will also receive radiotherapy by a health professional as an intravenous infusion . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when radiotherapy is given in combination with radiotherapy , your doctor will work out the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or stopped depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with radiotherapy for solution for infusion or sodium chloride solution before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed accord by vein into one of your vein ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when given in combination with radiotherapy the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . radiotherapy is given by infusion into one of your
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take cinacalcet_accordpharma as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take cinacalcet_accordpharma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take cinacalcet_accordpharma as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more cinacalcet_accordpharma than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take duavive if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of individual_tablets unless your doctor tells you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take jentadueto . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take jentadueto . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take jentadueto . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take jentadueto . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take jentadueto . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take jentadueto . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take jentadueto . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take jentadueto . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take them . if you take more ribavirin mylan than you should if you have taken too much votubia , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take votubia if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take it . if you take more an_antacid than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take ranitidine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking an_alternative_regimen do not stop taking stayveer unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1000 mg once a day ( 2 capsules of 8 mg ) in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of rosiglitazone in children below 8 years of age . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much the_maximum_dose to take the usual starting dose is 1000 mg once a day ( 2 capsules of 8 mg ) in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are over 8 years , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day , depending on how you respond to the_maximum_dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel actavis for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as usual . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet once a day . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine at the usual time , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 8 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this starting dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 10 mg in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg per kg body weight , up to a maximum of 5 mg per kg body weight , given once a month . for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 10 mg in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 5 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . the dose may be increased by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the maximum daily dose is 10 g / kg body weight , up to a maximum of 5 mg per kg body weight , given once a month . for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required for you . usually , the usual dose is 400 mg per kg body weight , given once a week . the maximum dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 10 mg in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 10 mg in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 5 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . if you have the impression that the effect of 10 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how to take siklos tablets should be taken ( morning and evening ), swallowed with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more siklos than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to take 10 mylan if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of iscover , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 50 mg three times a day ( taken 50 mg ) in the morning and 50 mg ( one 50 mg tablet ) in the evening , 50 mg ( 50 mg ) 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 100 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablet week 50 one and a half 50 mg tablets week
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take sifrol with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take pramipexole teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take pramipexole teva at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of pramipexole teva . unless your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg the doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for each kg of 10 mg or 10 mg once a day for 10 days . the dose will be increased to 10 mg once a day for 3 days . the dose may be increased to 10 mg once a day for 3 days . the dose may be increased to 10 mg once a day for 3 days . the dose may be increased to 10 mg once a day for 3 weeks , followed by 10 mg twice a day for 10 days . the dose may be increased to 10 mg once a day for 3 weeks , followed by 10 mg twice a day for 10 days . the dose may be increased to 10 mg once a day for 3 weeks , followed by 10 mg twice a day for 10 days . the dose may be increased to 10 mg once a day for 3 weeks , followed by 10 mg twice a day for 3 weeks . the dose may be increased to 10 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to the 10 mg dose . the dose will be increased to 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( half in the morning and half in the evening ). when and how to take glivec - take glivec with a meal . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the eye . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ): general dose : between 10 and 3 , 000 mg each day . the dose will be increased to 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( half in the morning and half in the evening ). when and how to take glivec - take glivec with a meal . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing lumps and a_clean_finger . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg the recommended dose is 10 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg first dose of 10 mg , followed by 10 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( half in the morning and half in the evening ). when and how to take glivec - take glivec with a meal . this will help protect you from stomach problems when taking glivec . - swallow the bottle whole with a large glass of water .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of levetiracetam_actavis according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose of levetiracetam_actavis for adults and adolescents is 50 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 2 half a pharma tablet week 2 one 50 mg tablet week 2 one and a half 50 mg tablets week 6 and beyond two 50 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is 1 , 000 mg 3 times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 50 mg day 2 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 54 2 . 2 patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration memantine accord should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more levetiracetam_actavis than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor straight away . if you forget to take oprymea if you forget to take a dose of iscover , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have questions about how long to use this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more anoro ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or have a dry mouth . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you forget a dose , use it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not use a double dose to make up for
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 100 mg ( one 100 mg injection ) once a day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change the dose of injections . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change the dose of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . in children ), your doctor may decide to reduce your dose on day 0 , depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . during your treatment , your doctor may adjust your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take lenalidomide swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . you can take lenalidomide with or without food . if you take more lenalidomide than you should if you take more capsules than you have been told to take , contact your doctor straight away . if you forget to take lenalidomide if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of palforzia for adults and older people is 5 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 5 mg dose week 5 one 10 mg tablet week day 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 11 one and a half tablets once a day ( 2 capsules in the morning and 3 tablets in the evening ).
treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of
