your treatment with incivo will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take and when the amount of incivo people have to take varies depending on their condition . your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of incivo to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 3 , 8 mg / kg body weight twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if necessary , the dose may be changed during treatment . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 3 weeks . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for the first 3 days of treatment , it is recommended that you take this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor will tell you what dose you need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take ribavirin . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more ribavirin mylan than you should if you are concerned that you may have taken too much , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take ribavirin - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor will decide how much zinbryta you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 2 mg for each kg of body weight . your doctor will decide how much injections depending on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate strength for you depending on your condition . your doctor will discuss with you the most suitable strength for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 1 mg for each kilogram of body weight . depending on your response , your doctor may increase your dose depending on your response to the treatment . your doctor will discuss with you the most appropriate strength for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 1 mg for each kilogram of body weight . depending on your response , your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in this case , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in this case , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in this case , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in this case , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the size of your child . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have kidney problems . the usual starting dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 50 mg in the evening . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take biktarvy exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 4 mg per day ( taken as 1 capsule of 1 and 2 g per day ). take the tablets in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . take 4 capsules in the morning and then 4 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of biktarvy in children with antacids . if you take more vitamins than you should contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take vitamins it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking vitamins it is important to take this medicine regularly . do not make changes unless your doctor tells you . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take novonorm with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . if you take more novonorm than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking your tablets unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
pumarix will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 weeks to 3 years of age : injection will be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 months to 3 years of age : injection : 3 months after first injection - third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further question on the use of this medicine , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken as 10 mg ) in the morning and 10 mg in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more afinitor than you should if you have accidentally taken too many medicine , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use the medicine once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta this medicine is for long - term use . use this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you to . it will only be effective as long as you are using it . do not stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much tremfya is given the amount of tremfya you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 100 mg given once every 4 weeks . no more than 8 months after the first dose , your doctor will decide on the most appropriate dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by injection under the supervision of a doctor or nurse experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . how much and how often you will be given tremfya ? your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 100 mg ( one injection ) once a month for up to 8 months . the first injection may be given from the age of 8 weeks . no more than 8 months should be given within 8 months after the first dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for further advice on their use and effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will give you trepulmix by infusion into a infusion ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of about 1 hour . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . if you are given more trepulmix than you should if you are concerned that you may have been given too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use yentreve if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of yentreve , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using yentreve your doctor will decide how long you should be treated with aclasta . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 24 micrograms once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 sprays in each nostril once a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 3 sprays of this_medicine per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or higher dose to a maximum of 4 micrograms once a day . if you are being treated for actinic keratosis the usual starting dose is 3 sprays in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosing intervals or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 3 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how much of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much opdivo you will receive and how often you will be given nivolumab accord . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will work out how much ipilimumab you will receive and how often you will be given nivolumab accord . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will work out how much nivolumab you will be given and how often you will be given nivolumab accord . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much opdivo you will receive your doctor will decide how much nivolumab you will be given and how often you will be given nivolumab accord . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much nivolumab accord is given the amount of nivolumab given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . how nivolumab is given nivolumab will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 32 , 32 , 32 , 32 and 32 tablets sizes sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of clopidogrel 1a by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine teva tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of this medicine to be taken depends on your condition and the doses of your body . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 0 . 00 alfa per kg of body weight per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you . this may be adjusted by your doctor based on your general condition . your doctor will tell you how much to take ( usually between 75 - 150 mg daily ). your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel hexal per day as described above . you should take this medicine for at least 7 days . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel acino ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel teva than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 7 , 14 , 28 and 84 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of this medicine by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much yttriga you need and for how long . the normal daily dose is 0 . 75 mg per kg body weight per day . your doctor will monitor your response to the treatment . your doctor will monitor your response to treatment and will inform you if you need to change the treatment . your doctor will continue to monitor your blood regularly . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of refacto hexal is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum number of treatment with yttriga will be determined by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will monitor your response to treatment and will inform you if you need to change the treatment .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 500 mg twice a day . if you have the impression that the effect of ciambra is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an older patient ( over 9 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys or with your body . your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1000 mg ) that you must take once a day while you are taking ciambra . you must take at least 5 doses during the seven days before the first meal of treatment . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of 1000 mg . you will also receive an infusion of vitamin b12 ( 1000 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed lilly and then approximately every 3 weeks ( corresponding to 1000 mg ). if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how much to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of pemetrexed accord to take . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 3 separate doses of 1000 mg twice a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an infusion in your body weight , your doctor will give you 1000 mg of bortezomib intravenously once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a the_vaccine ( usually in the upper thigh ). children from 2 years of age and older : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the thigh of the upper thigh ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a thigh or upper shoulder ( intramuscularly ). the vaccine should never be given into a shoulder ( intramuscular route ) in the upper thigh . if you are given too much bridion as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . tell the doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use aimovig if you miss a dose of aimovig , inject the missed dose as soon as you remember . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . rheumatoid arthritis the recommended dose is 5 mg once a day ( one infusion in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). if you are being treated for crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg , to be given as one infusion in the morning and one in the evening . if you are being treated for crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg , to be given as one infusion per year . your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to zessly . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . this medicine is intended for subcutaneous use . this means that it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a veins . this will usually be in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more rasagiline_mylan than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take diacomit if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . hulio should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . hulio should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . hulio should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with chondrocelect should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with chondrocelect should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking ongentys without your doctor ' s advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor treating your child or your child ' s doctor or nurse get the right use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or fingers once a day in the evening . using the ointment at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or back once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or fingers once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or back in the evening by one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or back once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use each patch . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or back once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use each patch . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or back once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 10 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 10 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 10 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 10 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 30 - 10 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 30 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 30 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 30 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 30 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 30 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 30 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day depending on your response to treatment , your doctor may increase or decrease the daily dose . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . if you have questions about how long to take natpar , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you take too many tablets by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take duavive if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 60 mg three times daily taken taken in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can take this medicine with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of the medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to use it . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of medicine precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . using the ointment at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . using the ointment at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye ointments , continue with this while you are using azopt . if you use more azopt than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of forxiga is one 5 mg tablet once a day for 2 days , followed by 10 mg once a day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue the diet recommended by your doctor during treatment with this medicine . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more forxiga than you should if you take too many tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take mepact exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one 1 mg film - coated tablet of clopidogrel teva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take yentreve for at least 24 hours after your last meal and at least 36 hours before your next meal . if you have the impression that the effect of mepact is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of chills without first talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more yentreve than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital casualty department immediately . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of chills to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with chills may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your tablets unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 24 weeks .
your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 2 . 5 micrograms per kilogram body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is best for you . during your treatment , the doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if your daily dose is 2 . 5 micrograms per kilogram body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is best for you . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is best for you . during your treatment , the doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of airexar spiromax is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of airexar spiromax is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of the_pump is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for more information , see " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler .
mvasi will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given mvasi under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the care of patients with tissues . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you will use and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of the product . the doctor will decide how much mvasi you will use and how often you should use it and whether your disease is being treated . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and for how long . the maximum duration of treatment is 3 days per week . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter doses intervals or higher doses may be necessary . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your illness and how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your illness and how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your illness and how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being given and to reduce the risk of an allergic reaction . your doctor will decide how long you will be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with tecartus will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with metabolic . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much medicine you will take and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and schedule according to your individual needs . how much to use your doctor will work out your dose of gonal - f . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of side effects in your blood . your doctor will need to test your blood to make sure that you have adequate levels of your blood tests . if you are given too much dexmedetomidine accord as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected blind or blind , once a day in the evening . after blind , the usual dose is one vein in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine can be used in children and adolescents aged 4 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected blind or blind , once a day in the evening . after blind , the usual dose is one vein in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 42 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . based on your life - style and the results of your blood sugar ( glucose ) tests and your previous insulin usage , your doctor will tell you : how much needles you need each day and at what time . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that your liver is working normally . if you are following a diabetic diet , you should continue with this while you are taking xultophy . your weight should be checked at regular intervals ; if your weight increases , inform your doctor . use in children and adolescents dosing may be used in adolescents and children aged 42 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking your insulin without speaking with a doctor , who will tell you what needs to be done . this could lead to very high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) and a build - up of acid in the blood ( ketoacidosis ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 15 mg tablet taken by mouth once daily . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more supportive_care than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take supportive_care if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking galvus do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 6 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more orkambi than you should if you take more medicine than you should , tell a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take cuprior it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed tablet . then take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking verzenios do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you do , your medicine may not work properly . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take lynparza exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 100 mg twice a day ( taken 2 to 150 mg ) in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 12 - positive all : the starting dose is 150 mg to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the patch at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the recommended dose is one back in the morning and one in the evening . the patch should be patch by mouth and can be in the upper back of the back of the back . patch should only patch as instructed by your doctor . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to nyxoid . your doctor will tell you how much you should use each patch . if you have not been treated before for the first time , do not stick the patch on the same day to make up for the forgotten dose . you should not stick the patch on the same day each week . you can also patch by your doctor to remove the patch . the patch should be patch by sprinkling the full patch onto your thumb and back , upper back , upper back and upper back ( back to the upper back of the back of the upper back of the back of the upper back of the back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the upper back of the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . speak to your doctor
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the treatment of infection . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . swallow the tablet with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 24 hours . during the first week , the usual dose is 50 mg twice a day ( leaving approximately 24 hours between each dose ), or 200 mg ( one 200 mg tablet ) once a day for 24 weeks . the dose will be increased to 200 mg ( half a 200 mg tablet ) twice a day ( leaving approximately 50 mg ). - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 350 mg , to
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine will be given into a blood vessel ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor will decide how much bondronat you need and how often you will be given and how often . the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to bones , your doctor may recommend a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kilogram of your body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may then adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will discuss this with you . if you have the impression that the effect of bondronat is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your treatment with zeposia will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may decide to give you a lower treatment cycle . during the first week , the usual dose is 3 capsules ( 14 mg ), each day for 3 days . after treatment , you will have treatment once a day for 3 days . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 3 weeks for 14 days . during the first week , the usual dose is 15 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment you will receive . during the first week , the usual dose is 3 tablets of 5 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 5 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( one tablet of 5 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 5 mg in the evening ). if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( one tablet of 5 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 5 mg in the evening ). if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( one tablet of 5 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 5 mg in the evening ). - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( one tablet of 5 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 5 mg in the evening ). - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( one tablet of 5 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 5 mg in the evening ). - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( one tablet of 5 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 5 mg in the evening ). - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( one tablet of 5 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 5 mg in the evening ). - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( one tablet of 5 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 5 mg in the evening ). - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( i mg ), to be taken as 6 tablets of 5 mg in the morning and 4 tablets of 5 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 28 mg per day ( i mg ), to be taken as 6 tablets of 5 mg in the morning and 6 tablets in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many capsules of treatment to give to your child . the table below will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment cycles are required . if you take more piqray than you should if you take more piqray than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take piqray if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to take once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you take more elebrato ellipta than you should if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking elebrato ellipta do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your symptoms may return if you stop the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 600 mg once a day for 5 days . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your kidneys . the recommended dose is 600 mg twice a day for 7 days , followed by 60 mg twice a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 12 mg once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 12 mg once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 12 mg once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 12 mg once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 12 mg once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 12 mg once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 12 mg once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 12 mg once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 12 mg once a day for 7 days . the dose will be increased to 12 mg once a day ( one in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . the maximum dose is 12 mg per kg body weight taken once a day for 7 days followed by 7 days without pneumonia . this dose is given as an infusion into a vein . this will take about 60 minutes . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you to take pregabalin_pfizer either twice or three times a day . for twice a day take this medicine once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over epilepsy , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 150 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking pregabalin_pfizer until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin accord than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take pregabalin accord if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and take only a single dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin accord do not stop your treatment just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you . this is because the medicine will only work if it is taken all the time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take xadago exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum recommended daily dose is 100 mg by mouth once daily . if you take more xadago than you should if you accidentally take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take enzepi if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take two doses on the same day . if you stop taking enzepi do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 2 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 1,000 2 . 2 mg in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening > 1,000 1 - 3 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of zytiga in children with a heart transplant . adults and adolescents ( from 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 1 , 000 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ): general dose : 1 , 000 mg each day . general dose in adults and adolescents ( from 2 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 3 . 2 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase your tablet dose up to a maximum of 3 . 2 mg once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 2 . 3 patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration memantine teva should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more lamivudine teva than you should if you take more tablets than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take lamivudine teva take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 20 mg dose week 2 one 40 mg tablet week 2 one and a half 10 mg tablet week 15 and beyond two 40 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is one 40 mg tablet once a day ( 80 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 80 mg ) in the first week and to 80 mg ( one whole tablet ) once a day as advised by your doctor . children weighing at least 15 kg and less than 30 kg the usual dose of 160 is 40 mg every other week with methotrexate . your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 20 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with methotrexate . children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 5 mg capsule per day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have questions about how long to take farydak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may decide to start a lower dose . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will decide how long your treatment lasts . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . if you take more capecitabine accord than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take capecitabine accord do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just carry on with the next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking capecitabine accord there are no side - effects caused by stopping treatment with capecitabine . in case you are using coumarin anticoagulants ( containing e . g . phenprocoumon ), stopping capecitabine might require that your doctor adjusts your anticoagulant dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . swallow the capsule whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more urorec than you should if you take more medicine than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take kinzalmono exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take a tablet at the same time each day . you can take telmisartan teva with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine regularly at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you may find it easier to take it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take telmisartan teva pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is two vials per day ( one lid each day in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is  the dose of afstyla per day . however , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is  the dose of afstyla per day . however , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is  the dose of afstyla per day . however , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is  the dose of afstyla per day . however , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the amount of this medicine that you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 vials per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 5 ml per kg body weight ). at the beginning of the treatment , your doctor may adjust the dose and frequency of administration according to your individual needs . method of administration use in children and adolescents dosing for children and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older depends on how much the person weighs and the solution that are used in combination . the maximum dose is 0 . 9 ml per kilogram body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 9 ml per kg body weight per day ). however , if you have not responded to treatment after 4 weeks , your doctor may adjust the dose to 1 . 5 microgram per kilogram of body weight per day . if you have not responded to treatment after 4 weeks , your doctor may adjust the dose to 1 . 5 microgram per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . the maximum dose should not exceed 3 . 4 ml / kg per day . the maximum dose is 1 . 8 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 9 ml per kg body weight per day ). however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . treatment in children and adolescents aged 12 years and over the recommended dose is 0 . 8 ml per kg body weight twice a day . your doctor may adjust the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on how you respond to the treatment . instructions for use follow the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information .
how much praxbind is given the amount of praxbind you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse . if you are given more praxbind than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you are concerned that you may have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take temomedac exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much temomedac to take the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of 100 mg twice a day ( corresponding to a daily dose of 100 mg ). you will take your first dose of 200 mg twice daily . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one 200 mg tablet twice a day for 5 days followed by 5 days without temozolomide hexal . the temozolomide hexal dose may be adjusted or stopped , depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . children and adolescents ( from 200 years of age ) the recommended dose is 200 mg per kg of body weight once a week for 5 days followed by 5 days without temozolomide hexal . the temozolomide hexal dose may be adjusted or stopped , depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . children and adolescents ( from 200 years of age ) the recommended dose is 200 mg per kg of body weight once a week for 5 days followed by 5 days without temozolomide hexal . the temozolomide hexal dose may be adjusted or stopped , depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . children and adolescents ( from 200 years of age ) the recommended dose is 200 mg per kg of body weight once a week for 5 days followed by 5 days without temozolomide hexal . the temozolomide hexal dose may be adjusted or stopped , depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . children and adolescents ( from 200 years of age ) the recommended dose is 200 mg per kg of body weight once a week for 5 days followed by 5 days without temozolomide hexal . the temozolomide hexal dose may be adjusted , delayed or stopped depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each cycle . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . then , you will have 5 days without chemotherapy . in some cases ( e . g . if you are previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg , followed by 200 mg two weeks later . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 5 mg twice a day for 5 days . the dose will be increased to one tablet each day . if you have the impression that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . you can take cialis with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take cialis . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more blood_alcohol_level than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take duavive if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more enyglid than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could a_hypo below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar a_hypo , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take semglee if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of azacitidine_mylan is based on your height and weight ( body surface area ). your doctor will work out your dose of azacitidine_mylan . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and how well you respond to this_"treatment_cycle . the table below shows the dose is 3 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine based on your weight and weight ( body surface area ). the usual dose is 3 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine based on your weight and weight ( body surface area ). the usual dose is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine based on your weight and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine based on your weight and weight ( body surface area ). the usual dose is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 15 drop in each affected hands once a day for 3 days . the usual dose is one finger in the affected eyelid , once a day in the evening . use in children in adolescents ( 6 years of age and older ) the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 1 drop in each affected eye each day . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to duotrav . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected eye each day . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to duotrav . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected eye each day . if you have not received duotrav for more than 3 days in a day , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to duotrav . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected eye each day . if you have not received duotrav for more than 3 days in a month , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected eye each day . if you have not received duotrav for more than 3 days in a month , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected body weight once a day . if you have not received duotrav for more than 3 days in a month , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum dose is 3 drop in the affected eye twice a day . if you have not received duotrav for more than 3 days in a month , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are taking duotrav . if you use more duotrav than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of nplate is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding the dose of factor viii activity is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for bleeding , the usual dose is 1 . 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight , given once a day for up to 1 year . the maximum dose is 1 . 1 to 17 iu per kg of body weight , given once a week . for major surgery in particular , your blood clotting will be monitored by your doctor to define the correct dose . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels in your blood . treatment of bleeding the dose of nuwiq is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for bleeding , the usual dose is 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight , given once a week . for major surgery in particular , your blood clotting will be monitored by your doctor to define the correct dose . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels in your blood . treatment of bleeding the dose of nuwiq is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for bleeding , the usual dose is 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight , given once a week . for major surgery in particular , your blood clotting will be monitored by your doctor to define the correct dose . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels in your blood . treatment of bleeding the dose of nuwiq is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for bleeding , the usual dose is 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight , given once a week . for major surgery in particular , your blood clotting will be monitored by your doctor to define the correct dose . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels in your blood . treatment of bleeding the dose of nuwiq is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for bleeding , the usual dose is 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight , given once a week . for major surgery in particular , your blood clotting will be monitored by your doctor to define the correct dose . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels in your blood . treatment of bleeding the dose of nuwiq is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for bleeding , the usual dose is 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight , given once a week . for major surgery in particular , your blood clotting will be monitored by your doctor to define the correct dose . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to take it . you can use the capsules at any time of the day , with or without food . this medicine is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation capsules . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - do not push the capsules through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy . if you forget to take seebri breezhaler if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your symptoms may return upon discontinuation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or mouth once a day in the evening . try to take the medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the inhaler properly by your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how
the dose of azacitidine_betapharm is based on your height and weight ( body surface area ). your doctor will work out your dose of azacitidine_betapharm . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and if you have kidney problems . your doctor will work out your dose of azacitidine_betapharm . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and if you have kidney problems . your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on the size of your kidney problem . how much is given this medicine is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a subcutaneous injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by
the amount of cerdelga you are given will be worked out by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablets with a glass of water . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not touch your thumb or eyelid . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not shake or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not open or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets
- zoledronic acid lilly must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid teva is given - the usual single dose given is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you need based on your height and weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you need based on your height and weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you need based on your height and weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you need based on your height and weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more varuby than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take senshio if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
general information about taking this medicine : always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much zimbus breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use atectura breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use the inhaler as instructed by your doctor . the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more zimbus breezhaler than you should if you accidently inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or hospital for advice immediately . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use zimbus breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel teva pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel teva pharma pharma b . v . than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take delstrigo exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you take more delstrigo than you should if you take more medicine than you should , tell a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 mg once a day ( taken as 4 capsules of 30 mg in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening ). your doctor may decide to reduce your dose if you experience side effects after treatment with this medicine . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more spravato than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor straight away . go to the hospital if you are concerned that you may have taken too much medicine . taking this medicine this medicine is unlikely to cause nausea , vomiting , nausea and vomiting . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take the next dose at the next time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with zelboraf has been prescribed by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with duoplavin has been prescribed by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of bleeding . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . duoplavin is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . to help you remember to take this medicine , you may find it easier to take it at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine together with other medicine ( s ) to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . these may be this medicine ( see section 28 , how to take duoplavin "). if you take more this medicine than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . after that , you should continue to take the medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the ointment twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . if you are using medicines to prevent an increase in your eye , the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you use more simbrinza than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
filgrastim_ratiopharm will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given filgrastim_ratiopharm as a drip ( intra - venous stem_cells ). your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is
always give this medicine exactly as your child ' s doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day by mouth , with or without food . it is important to take the tablet at the same time every day . the tablets should be taken by mouth and can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you or your child takes more slenyto than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than they should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take enzepi it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you or your child forgets to take enzepi give the dose as soon as you remember . then give the next dose as usual . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed tablet . then take the next tablet at the usual time . - do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject your doctor will decide the dose of emgality you will receive . this dose and duration will depend on your weight . the maximum dose is 240 mg , twice a day . however , if you weigh 240 kg or more , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended dose is 240 mg , twice a day . however , if you weigh 240 kg or more , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended dose is 240 mg , twice a day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 240 mg , to be taken as 240
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will determine the dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 18 mg for every kilogram of body weight . how defitelio is given this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a nurse . this will take at least 21 days . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take this medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with daklinza will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the dose that is right for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 20 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if necessary , the dose may be changed during treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have severe or severe kidney or liver problems , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine - swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , break or chew the capsules . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you take more capsules than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take nevirapine teva if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking piqray stopping your treatment with piqray may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . stopping your treatment may make your condition worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh , depending on the muscle mass . the vaccine should not be given into a muscle . adults from 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be given into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh , depending on the muscle mass . the vaccine should not be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule each day . try to take the capsule at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the maximum dose should not exceed 1 . 0 ml per day . method of administration use in children and adolescents dosing should not be used in children and adolescents . method of administration use in children and adolescents dosing for children and adolescents is the same as in adults . method of administration use in children and adolescents dosing for children and adolescents is not recommended in children . if you use more tegsedi than you should if you have inhaled too much tegsedi , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take tegsedi if you / your child forgets to take a dose of colobreathe as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tegsedi do not stop using tegsedi unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - seebri breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . how long to continue your treatment with seebri breezhaler - keep using this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you . - this is a long - term disease and you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given it . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given it . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given it . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given it . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given it . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given it . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given zessly . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given this medicine . this will depend on your disease and on your disease . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive treatment with other medicines ( anti - histamine ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( infusion ) into a infusion ( intravenous administration ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when given in combination with topotecan the usual dose is 30 mg / m2 body surface area given every other week as an infusion lasting about 30 minutes or as an infusion lasting about 30 minutes . a course of treatment usually lasts for 30 to 30 minutes . your doctor will decide how long you must be treated . detailed instructions for use are given at the end of this leaflet . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this_medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet once a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take rivastigmine actavis pharma with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take rivastigmine actavis until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of rivastigmine teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over this age ), you should take this medicine once a day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take rivastigmine actavis until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of rivastigmine actavis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , consult a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take rivastigmine actavis if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of rivastigmine teva , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with serious_side_effects . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide how much cabometyx you need and how often you should take it for . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 mg once a day for 2 days . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop your treatment without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose . this is based on your size ( m and blood cell counts ) and the results of your blood tests . cisplatin may be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using cisplatin in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . additional medicines : cisplatin is taken by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using cisplatin in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . additional medicines : cisplatin is taken by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . additional medicines : cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . additional medicines : cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . additional medicines : cisplatin is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . additional medicines : cisplatin is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . additional medicines : cisplatin is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . additional medicines : cisplatin is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents ganfort can be used in children and children aged 5 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents ganfort can be used in children and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience in your eye . instructions for use follow these instructions carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if it helps .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more medicine than you should , tell your doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed tablet . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
reblozyl will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given reblozyl as a weigh injection into a weigh ( intravenously ). this will usually be in the injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine based on your weight and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and may adjust the dose , depending on how your blood responds to the treatment . method and route of injection your doctor will work out the dose you need based on your height and weigh . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 3 mg / ml ( 0 . 3 ml ) three times a week . for patients who are not able to swallow the same dose of this medicine , you will be given a single injection of 0 . 9 mg / kg . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and may adjust the dose , depending on how your blood responds to the treatment . method and route of administration this medicine is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection into a skin ( intravenous injection ) or under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how much medicine you will be given . this is based on your body weight and the results of your blood tests . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take fotivda exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 1 capsule ( 21 - mg capsule ) once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 capsules a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the capsules at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can take them with or without food . the capsules should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take all your capsules at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not open or crush the capsules unless you have difficulty in swallowing ( e . g . in children ). if you are unable to swallow the capsules , you can open them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . if you take more pantoloc control than you should if you accidentally take too many capsules , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take revestive if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking galvus do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take stribild exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . stribild can be taken with or without food . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more antacids than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take antacids if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking medicines you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine this can affect your hepatitis b infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many zyprexa zyprexa tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of zyprexa is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking zyprexa disperzi unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your zyprexa zyprexa europe tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take zyprexa zentiva until your doctor tells you otherwise . if your symptoms are not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed 5 mg once daily . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should , have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , sweating , fever , muscle stiffness , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking zyprexa velotab , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with prolia will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much prolia you need and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need to take and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need to take and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need to take and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much calcium you need to take and how long you should continue to take it . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need to take and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much calcium you need to take and how long you should continue to take it . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need to take and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much calcium you need to take and how long you should continue to take it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium and to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this vaccine . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . ambirix is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenously ) into a vein . the first injection of the vaccine will be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will inject the vaccine into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will inject the vaccine into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will inject the vaccine into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine into a vein . the infusion will be given into a vein .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . the vaccine will never be given into a muscle . adults and children from 11 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be given after an interval of at least 2 weeks between doses . the first injection will be given from the age of 11 weeks . the first injection will be given from the age of 11 weeks . each injection will be given at least one month apart . children aged 2 to 11 months will receive 2 injections . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least 1 month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one month apart . each injection will be given at least one
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not crush or chew the capsules . if you take more nitisinone_mdk than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tagrisso if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
docetaxel_accord will be administered to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate your dose of this medicine and will inform you if you need to change doses . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . method and route of administration docetaxel teva will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , or hospital pharmacist .
your treatment with intuniv has been prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of heart_rate . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg per kilogram of body weight once daily for 4 weeks , followed by 7 days without consulting your doctor . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more intuniv than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ecalta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this_medicine as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 1 hour . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this will take about 1 hour . this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 1 hour . this medicine will be given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
dose and frequency of adynovi will be calculated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will perform appropriate dose of adynovi depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding the dose of bleeding is 50 to 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 2 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests laboratory tests at suitable intervals to ensure that adequate factor viii levels have been reached and are maintained . for major surgery in particular , the usual dose is 40 to 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 2 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests laboratory tests at suitable intervals to ensure you always have adequate factor viii levels . this is particularly important if you are using this medicine yourself . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 50 to 40 iu of octocog alfa per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests laboratory tests at suitable intervals to ensure you always have adequate factor viii levels . this is particularly important if you are having major surgery . children and adolescents ( aged 2 to 50 years ) more than 50 kg the usual dose of this medicine is 50 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 weeks . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children below 2 years of age . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . the doctor will calculate the dose and how frequently you should use it to get the necessary level of factor viii activity in your blood . the doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . the doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . the dose of this medicine depends on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using the_next_injection to prevent bleeding , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 50 to 40 iu of octocog alfa per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 2 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests laboratory tests at suitable intervals to ensure you always have adequate factor viii levels . this is particularly important if you are using this medicine to prevent bleeding and prevention of bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how helixate nexgen is given this medicine is intended for injection into a vein ( by intravenous injection ). detailed instructions on how to use the injection are provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more helixate nexgen than you should no cases of bleeding with recombinant coagulation factor viii have been reported . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 250 mg capsule per day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working . if you have the impression that the effect of rekovelle is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . based on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose is 250 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 12 mg / kg body weight ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have prescribed the correct dose based on your body weight . the recommended starting dose is 250 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 75 mg per kg body weight ). the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood tests and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . method of administration this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . even if you feel better , do not stop using ellipta without talking to your doctor . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use asthma your doctor will tell you how much ellipta to use and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much ellipta to use each day for at least 22 days . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 22 days . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use relvar ellipta at the same time each day will help you remember when to use your medicine . how to use relvar ellipta see ' step - by - step instructions ' in this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use relvar ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , or develop any other symptoms of an asthma attack , use your quick - acting inhaler ( e . g . salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . do not stop using relvar ellipta without advice use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more atripla than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor immediately . do not make yourself sick . do not make yourself sick . do not lie down . if you forget to take emtricitabine if you miss a dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking emtricitabine suddenly stopping your treatment with emtricitabine may lead to your child getting worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much orgalutran you need and for how long each day . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight twice a week . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight every 3 weeks , 3 times a week for up to 3 weeks . the maximum dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight every 3 weeks , 3 times a week for up to 3 weeks . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . the maximum dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight every 3 weeks , 3 times a week for up to 3 months . the maximum dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight , given once every 3 weeks . children aged 2 to 3 years of age or older who weigh less than 3 years of age who weigh less than 3 . 6 ml / kg for children and adolescents who weigh less than 3 years of age . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with pressure in this case , the recommended dose is 5 mg per kg body weight twice a week . method of administration this medicine is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by a doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection into the finger just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much blitzima you will need and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much blitzima you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or 2 or 3 weeks after you have stopped . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive treatment with blitzima at least 2 . 6 mg per kg of body weight once a week for up to 4 months . your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
roactemra will always be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg every 8 hours . your doctor may decide to give you a single dose of 12 mg / kg / day . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight given once a week for 2 to 4 weeks . the maximum recommended daily dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the maximum dose is 12 mg / kg body weight given once a week . corticosteroids will usually be given by a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 to 2 to 30 minutes for each kilogram of your body weight . corticosteroids is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 30 minutes . corticosteroids will not be given directly into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with von willebrand disease . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose of this medicine is 150 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 150 mg . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose for you . this will depend on your disease and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how long to take glivec your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take this medicine . how long to take glivec keep taking xoterna breezhaler every day for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you take more numient than you should if you take more capsules than you were told to , consult your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take elebrato breezhaler if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking inbrija do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel hexal per day as described above . you should take this medicine for at least the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel hexal per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel hexal for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel ratiopharm if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking pantoloc do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine by injection into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 2 hours . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of at least 2 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse . if you are given more fetcroja than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
depocyte will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given depocyte as a drip ( intra - venous injections ). injections should be given once a week for up to 3 weeks . the recommended dose of depocyte for adults and adolescents is 5 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 25 mg every 3 weeks . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use atectura breezhaler every day and not the same time every day . this will help you remember to use it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale ulunar breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more zimbus breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using atectura breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day as described above . you should take this medicine for at least 32 . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel apotex than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take iscover if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the usual time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed tablet . then take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may recommend a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will discuss with you how much and how often you need to take them . patients with kidney problems if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose or stop your treatment , temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more qtern than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use nespo exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the dose of pemetrexed lilly is calculated depending on your body weight . the usual dose for adults is 500 mg / m2 of body surface area . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose for adults is 500 mg / m2 of body surface area . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual daily dose for adults and adolescents is 500 mg / m2 of body surface area . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or 10 mg / kg per day , depending on your blood pressure response . your doctor will adjust the dose and frequency of administration according to your individual needs . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your unwell . if you have the impression that the effect of blood_samples is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are an elderly patient ( over 10 years of age ), you should inject once a day for the first 10 days . this daily dose depends on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 500 mg / ml ( 0 . 12 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before injection . it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor or nurse regarding return visits . if you take more iron_supplements than you should tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use lusduna if you have missed an infusion , or injected too little , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using lusduna this could lead to severe hyperglycaemia ( very high blood sugar ) and iron_supplements ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). do not stop lusduna without speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
macugen will be given to you by your doctor or nurse by a doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg / kg body weight in the affected eye three times a day for up to 6 months and up to 9 months . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this chemotherapy . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given kepivance as a vein ( intra - venous vein ). radiotherapy is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse . radiotherapy is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take cinacalcet_accordpharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . you must swallow the tablets whole with a drink of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . if you are unable to swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . stay in regular contact with your doctor cinacalcet_accordpharma helps to control your condition . you need to keep taking it every day to stop your illness getting worse . you may experience relief from the effects to avoid parkinson ' s disease . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jentadueto should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of jentadueto is based on your body weight . the usual starting dose is 1 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of jentadueto is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are an elderly patient ( over 2,000 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more jentadueto than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) the usual dose is 0 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may reduce your dose to 2 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of calcium_carbonate 2 . 4 mg in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will advise you on your dosing . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) the recommended dose is one tablet of edurant 2 . 4 mg / 0 . 5 mg twice a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will advise you on your dosing . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) the usual dose is 0 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may reduce your dose to 2 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may reduce your dose to 2 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may reduce your dose to 2 . 5 mg per day . if you are being treated for heartburn / mpd : the usual starting dose is 1 tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of the_screw_cap 2 . 4 mg in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will advise you on your dosing . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 4 years of age ), you should take the tablets only after the first meal of the day . it is important that you take all your medicines as prescribed by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of calcium_carbonate 2 . 4 mg in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will advise you on your dosing . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are taking an antacid , take it at least 2 hours before or at least 4. hours after taking the medicine . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one 1000 mg tablet each day . your doctor may increase your dose to 2 tablets a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . your doctor may increase the dose to 4 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of avandamet is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 8 years of age ), you should take one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you take more the_maximum_dose than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could unwell below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar diarrhoea , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take rosiglitazone - take your dose as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking rosiglitazone do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel 1a for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed tablet . then take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 5 to 13 hours apart ) taken with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you will be given and how much it is needed for you . the dose will be calculated depending on your body weight and the size of your heart . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and body weight and will be treated by the doctor based on your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . rapiscan will be given by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and how often you will be given rapiscan . this will depend on your weight and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will be given rapiscan . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check the heart rate . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take viagra exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . viagra can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take viagra . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . if you take more viagra than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention .
always take sifrol exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose for adults and adolescents is apathy mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a treatment cycle number of tablets 1 tablet 3 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 3 - 6 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet the_treatment 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 3 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet the_treatment 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 4 tablets 2nd_week once a day the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of 6 mg in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more olanzapine teva than you should patients who have taken more olanzapine teva than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , apathy , akinesia , anxiety or restlessness , a fall of taking more trioxide teva than you should . fits have also been reported . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . using the ointment at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye ointments , continue with this while you are using emadine . if you use more emadine than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 16 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet of 1,000 5 mg twice a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 2 half a tablet each day week 2 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 11 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 17 - positive all : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam teva according to the age , weight and dose . in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of levetiracetam accord to give to your child . the amount of levetiracetam teva given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 6 tablets of 250 mg and 250 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . if you take more levetiracetam teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take levetiracetam teva if you are taking a dose of levetiracetam teva , you should take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose of elebrato ellipta is one inhalation every day . it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop taking elebrato ellipta without talking to your doctor first . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of elebrato ellipta once a day . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is for use in adults aged 12 years and over . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . nucala is given as an injection under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneous use ). the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor or nurse has told you to . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor or nurse has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take ninlaro exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is one 40 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) and it should be given as a single 40 mg tablet in the morning and 3 capsules in the evening > 72 hours between each dose . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 22 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 22 mg , to be taken as 22 mg once a day . if you weigh 22 kg or more , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 22 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 22 years of age weighing 22 kg or more 22 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 22 years of age weighing 22 kg or more first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 22 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 22 years of age weighing 22 kg or more first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required ,
your treatment with palforzia will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of asthma . your doctor will decide your dose of palforzia depending on your condition and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor . the recommended dose is 40 mg per kg body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your condition . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of palforzia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . sachets should be taken once a day at approximately the same time each day . for example , you can take the tablets at any time of the day , with or without food at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take your medicine . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop treatment with sachets unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you feel that the effect of palforzia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . it is important that you use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma . if you are not able to swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . even if you feel better , do not alter the dose or stop treatment unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . it is important that you use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma . if you take more asthma than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take pantoloc control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take zerene exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and supervised by a doctor experienced in the treatment of restlessness . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during the treatment , the doctor will decide the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken in the morning and 5 capsules in the evening . in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosing intervals or higher doses may be necessary . symptoms of treatment may include symptoms include anxiety , anxiety and restlessness . you may experience symptoms related reactions and restlessness to see if they are experiencing side effects . if you take more rasagiline ratiopharm than you should if you take more nexium control than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take nexium control if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with piqray may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
