always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of incivo to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is headache . therefore it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the starting dose of incivo is one tablet a day . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of the_child_resistant_cap_the_plastic_bottle is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over decreased_appetite years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsules whole with water . continue taking xoterna breezhaler until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more olanzapine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take ribavirin teva if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 150 micrograms given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the upper arm or thigh . the patch can be injected into a skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the injection . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the injection . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the injection . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the injection and how to give it you can use the pen . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the injection . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the medicine . you can give the injection into your skin over the rest of your thigh , thigh or upper arm . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right dose . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject the next dose as soon as you remember , on the same day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 6 capsules ( 16 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you should take this dose for as long as your doctor tells you . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults the recommended dose is 6 capsules ( 1 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you should take this dose for as long as your doctor tells you . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you take more ribavirin teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of tablets . if you forget to take nevirapine teva do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 1 tablet iron 0 . 088 mg once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet iron 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet iron 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet iron 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets you take your tablet once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor prescribes it . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more qtern than you should if you take too many tablets , your blood sugar may become too low ( a_hypo ). check your blood sugar frequently . in general , to prevent hypoglycaemia you must eat more food and monitor your blood sugar . for information on the treatment of a_hypo , see box at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to take semglee if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking qtern continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) over a period of 3 weeks . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . vaccine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection into a muscle ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper part of your upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken as 10 mg or 10 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the morning and 5 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 10 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is for inhalation use . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you are using a quick - acting inhaler , do not use your inhaler at the same time each day . this will help you remember to use it . how to use the inhaler see ' step - by - step instructions ' in this leaflet for more information on how to use your inhaler properly . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or hospital for advice immediately . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you stop using elebrato ellipta do not stop using your airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 100 mg given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . trepulmix is given as an infusion under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , call your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use your doctor will decide how much trepulmix you need and for how long you will need to inject it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with trepulmix , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the pen . if you use more leganto than you should if you use more patches than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to use leganto if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember , then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 3 mg film - coated tablet once a week by mouth under the skin ( in the evening ). the ointment should be applied with mild soap and water . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 3 years to 4 years , the doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your body weight . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it for you . use in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older the recommended dose is 3 mg / kg twice a week . however , your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 3 mg / kg twice a week . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it for you . use in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older the recommended dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . however , in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the skin . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you need to use them . use in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older the recommended dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . however , in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the skin . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you need to use them . use in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older the recommended dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . however , in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the skin . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you need to use them . use in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older the recommended dose is 3 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 3 mg / kg twice a week . however , in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the skin . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you need to change your patch . do not change the patch unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure what to do , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you are not sure what to do , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . do not change the patch unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure what to do , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . do not change the patch unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure what to do , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you use more patches than you should wash your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you forget to use aldara cream do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of opdivo is kilogram a daily dose of 1 mg / kg body weight . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 1 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual dose is 1 mg / kg body weight given once every 2 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are given too much zimbus breezhaler as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel accord than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel apotex if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel accord , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of tacforius that you take will depend on your condition and the kind of rejection of your blood . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how much you should take . patients having a bone marrow transplant after transplantation : your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . patients with rejection of your kidney function , your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking adenuric unless your doctor tells you to stop . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of iscover ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of iscover per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much appropriate_treatment you need and for how long each day . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will depend on your age and weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration refacto af will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of people with haemophilia a . your doctor or nurse will calculate the correct dose for you . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . the usual dose of refacto af is based on your body weight and the factor ix levels to be achieved . the nuclear product doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the dose that is best for you . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . the usual dose of refacto af is based on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the nuclear product doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the dose that is best for you . your doctor will calculate your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of refacto af . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for further information .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the infusion at about the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the powder with water . do not chew , crush or chew the powder . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more pemetrexed teva than you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose . if you forget to use tobi liposomal if you have missed an infusion , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking ribavirin sandoz in combination with interferon alfa - 2b , take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking nevirapine teva do not stop taking tobi podhaler unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected under the temperature of a doctor or nurse . the vaccine will be given into a deltoid_muscle ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 20 mg / kg body weight , given three times per week . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 20 mg , to be taken as 20 mg per kg of body weight . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 20 mg , to be taken as 20 mg per kg of body weight . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 20 mg , to be taken as 20 mg per kg of body weight . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 20 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 20 mg / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 20 mg / kg body weight , given once a week . the maximum dose is 20 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 20 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 20 mg / kg body weight , given three times per week . if you have not been treated before for the first dose , your doctor will give you a lower dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted or decreased , depending on your disease . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or stopped if you are also being treated for rheumatoid arthritis . if you have rheumatoid arthritis and you do not receive a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember and then go back to your regular schedule . do not receive this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 1 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . 1 mg / kg body weight ). the usual starting dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 1 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of week 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of hulio is calculated depending on your condition and body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . if you are being treated for chronic psoriasis the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of methotrexate once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye each day . it is recommended that you take the tablets only on the same day each day . it is best to use the medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your treatment whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not been treated before for the first time , continue to follow your doctor ' s instructions . if you have the impression that the effect of your_surgery is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents treatment the doctor will tell you how much medicine you need and how often to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many sprays you need to take and how long you should continue to take it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many sprays you need to take and how long you should continue to take it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many sprays you need to take and how long you should continue to take it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many sprays you need to take and how long you should continue to take it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many sprays you need to take and how long you should continue to take it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many sprays you need to take and how long you should continue to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many sprays you need to take and how long you should continue to use it . use in children and adolescents treatment can be used in children and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with your_surgery should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron disease . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one eye drop in each affected eye once a day during the first 2 weeks (" lead - in " period ). after the first day , the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye ( 100 mg ) once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started at a low dose of 0 . 03 % for each kilogram of body weight once a day , for example , one in the affected eye , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure what to do or the child you are caring for . instructions for use follow these instructions carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if there is anything you do not understand . wash your eyelid with soap and water immediately after opening the bottle . if you use more drops than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use drops continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 720 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 10 mg ( two tablets of 10 mg or 10 mg ) for the first 10 mg dose . the dose will be increased to 10 mg in the morning and 10 mg in the evening . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the body ( maintenance dose ). the recommended starting dose is 10 mg once a day for 10 days . the dose may be increased up to 10 mg a day based on your response to 720 mg . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the tablets as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose of dzuveo is 720 mg a day . this can be given as one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of zonisamide mylan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the tablets as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you take more zimbus breezhaler than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take zimbus breezhaler if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 240 mg tablet twice a day . take the morning and evening in the evening , at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 240 years of age ): general dose : between 240 mg and the morning and the evening dose is one 240 mg tablet twice a day for the first the first week . this daily dose depends on whether or not you have received erleada before . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for the first 240 days of this medicine , you will take one tablet of the 0 . 5 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 240 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 54 240 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 54 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 240 mg twice a day depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you take more temozolomide teva than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take temozolomide teva take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of axumin to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of axumin to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 3 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 1 mg / kg body weight , up to a maximum of 1 mg in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . 1 mg / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the total daily dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 mg / kg body weight in week 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ,
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your weight and weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg / kg body weight in the evening . for children and adolescents ( from 12 to 12 years ) the recommended starting dose is 1 mg / kg body weight taken once a week for 1 week . the dose will be increased to 10 mg in the morning and 10 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 1 mg once a day ( 1 x 1 mg ) in the morning and 1 tablet in the evening . children there is no information for the use of forxiga in children with a heart transplant . method and route of administration swallow the capsules with a glass of water . if you are unable to swallow the capsules , you can crush them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . do not add any other liquids . do not crush or crush the capsules . if you take more forxiga than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . you may be at increased risk of experiencing side effects with this medicine ( see section 12 , possible side effects ). contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice if you take more tablets than you should . if you forget to take 1 dose of 1 , take the dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of mepact is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual starting dose of chills is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of mirvaso is based on your body weight . the usual starting dose is 1 . 5 micrograms per kilogram body weight once a week . alternatively , your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 5 mg , once a week or 5 mg once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 5 mg , once a week , depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may decide to continue to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have reduced or severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dosage , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with mirvaso in combination with other skin , your doctor may prescribe a different dose of 0 . 5 micrograms / kg twice a week . your doctor will decide how much you should use . if you use more ovitrelle than you should if you accidentally inject too much ovitrelle , tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use ovitrelle if you have forgotten to apply a dose , apply cream as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the amount of this medicine that you will be given will depend on your weight . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and how often you should use it depending on your condition . your doctor will tell you how much mvasi you need and for how long you need to take it . use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets you need and for how long you need to take infusions . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take infusions . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are given more mvasi than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . if you have been given too much this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your body will usually be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given gloves_and_glasses as a drip ( intra - venous catheter_placed ). the recommended dose is 60 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose of diphenhydramine . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check how your body is working . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse . if you are given more paracetamol than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . you may get some of the side effects listed in section 4 . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 42 tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower the blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . use in children and adolescents poor_eyesight can be used in adolescents and children aged 65 years and above . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of xultophy is one 42 tablet per day . if you have reduced liver function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have the impression that the effect of xultophy is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for blind and diabetic kidney disease your doctor may need to test your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . use in children and adolescents poor_eyesight can be used in adolescents and children aged 65 years and above . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of xultophy is one tablet per day . if you have reduced liver function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have the impression that the effect of xultophy is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and above ) the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of insulin is too weak , talk to your doctor . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have the impression that the effect of xultophy is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 50 years of age ), your doctor will check your blood sugar level . you should know these factors so that you are able to react correctly to changes in your blood sugar level and to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . see the box at the end of this leaflet for further information . use in children and adolescents poor_eyesight can be used in adolescents and children aged 65 years and above . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of xultophy is one tablet per day . if you have reduced liver function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have the impression that the effect of xultophy is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and above ) the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of insulin is too weak , talk to your doctor . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have the impression that the effect of xultophy is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 50 years of age ), your doctor will check your blood
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 15 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of week 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 200 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 200 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 200 mg or 2 tablets of 200 mg in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 200 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems this medicine is not recommended to be used to your doctor . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on your weight and weight . your doctor will tell you how long your body will last . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin sandoz is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 8 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more lacosamide mylan than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take lacosamide mylan do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected mouth once a day in the evening or back in the evening . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used as a single dose in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used as a single dose in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to use the new patch at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the patch . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected mouth once a day in the evening or back in the evening . if you are using other aerosphere the usual starting dose is 1 drop in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor advises you to stop . if you need to change your dose , wait at least 24 hours after using them and then use it . if you use more nyxoid than you should if you use more fingers than you should , rinse your doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately . if you forget to use leganto if you miss a dose , apply one as soon as possible on that day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using leganto without first talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 18 iu given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on : your body weight and the results of your body . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on : your body weight and the results of your body . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dosage or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 18 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or suspend the dose if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 18 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how your anaemia responds to 450 treatment . method and route of administration the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection is usually injected into a tissue by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . - do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . - do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with binocrit , see section " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 300 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you are given more tablets than you should if you have taken too much voriconazole tablets , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take voriconazole jensonr if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lokelma do not stop taking your tablets , unless advised otherwise by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) in the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine will never be injected into a arm or into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper arm or thigh . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . mvabea tetra will be given as an injection into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper arm or thigh . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . mvabea tetra will be given as an injection into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper arm or thigh . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . cancer is given as an infusion into your vein . your doctor will carry out blood tests while you are using this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to take your doctor will work out how much ambrisentan mylan you will need and how often you will be given your dose depends on your illness and weight . your doctor will tell you how much bondronat you need and how often you should use it to check your blood cells and how serious it is working for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to make sure that you have adequate levels in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check that your bones is working . if you are given more bondronat than you should this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an infusion ) your doctor will check you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zeposia should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with regular_treatment . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zeposia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zeposia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron disease . the doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of zeposia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of corlentor is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you have questions about how long to take piqray , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much hirobriz breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 36 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 36 years or over ) your doctor will decide how much hirobriz breezhaler you need and for how long you need to use it and for how long you need to use them . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if your symptoms do not improve after 24 weeks , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if your symptoms do not improve after 24 weeks , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use your inhaler properly before you use it for the first time . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one vial each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato breezhaler every day , as instructed by your doctor . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much is given your doctor will work out how much medicine you will be given and how often you will be given your dose of an_increased_dose . this is based on your body weight and the size of your body . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need and how often you will be given your dose depending on how well you respond to treatment . the dose you will be given will depend on how well you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . this dose is given as a drip into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the infusion into a vein . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your infusion and for at least 60 minutes after you have been given yescarta . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your infusion and for at least 60 minutes after your infusion . if you miss an appointment , make another one as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to pregabalin_pfizer . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to pregabalin_pfizer . if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you should take 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg or 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg or 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg or 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg or 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg or 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg or 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg or 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg or 1 tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 50 mg once a day for 50 mg or 50 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 50 kg or more : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 50 kg or more : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 50 kg or more : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 50 kg or more : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 50 kg or more : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking prednisolone , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking prednisolone , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking prednisolone , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking prednisolone , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of prednisolone . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of prednisolone 2 tablets in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of prednisolone 2 tablets in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you take more prednisolone than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take prednisolone take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg once a week . method and route of administration hefiya is for oral use . method and route of administration hefiya is for oral use . method and route of administration hefiya is for oral use . method and route of administration hefiya is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration methotrexate is for oral use . method and route of administration swallow the capsules with a sufficient amount of liquid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take this medicine with or without food . do not break , crush or chew the capsules . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not shake cegfila vigorously as this may affect its activity . if you use more cegfila than you should if you have accidentally given more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to use revestive if you forget to take a dose , continue taking the medicine as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule ( 20 mg ) three times a day ( total in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor or nurse will decide how long you will be given your infusion . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to prepare your infusion and for how long you will be given your infusion . your doctor or nurse will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take osseor every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine_teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1.80 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of your_regular_dosing_schedule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is 4 capsules ( 200 mg ) once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 4 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more a_forgotten_capsule than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take pantozol control - if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking urorec if you stop taking this medicine this can affect your symptoms to get worse . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take telmisartan teva pharma with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take kinzalmono normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking telmisartan teva pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking telmisartan teva pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking telmisartan teva pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking telmisartan teva pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking telmisartan teva pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking telmisartan teva pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking telmisartan teva pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take telmisartan teva pharma with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it is important that
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this medicine is intended for subcutaneous use . this means that it is injected through a short needle into the vein ( intravenous use ). it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this medicine is intended for subcutaneous use . this means that it is injected through a short needle into the vein ( intravenous use ). it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this medicine is intended for subcutaneous use . this means that it is injected through a short needle into the vein ( intravenous use ). it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . it is very important that you use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . contact your doctor if you have questions . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you will need to use it .
your doctor has prescribed praxbind because you suffer from a serious condition . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 2 mg tablet twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to one tablet each day . if you have the impression that the effect of praxbind is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over dabigatran years of age ), you should continue with this while you are taking praxbind . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take . if you have the impression that the effect of praxbind is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over dabigatran years of age ), you should continue with this while you are taking praxbind . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over dabigatran years of age ), you should continue with this while you are taking this_medicine . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take desloratadine teva . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with temomedac should only be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of radiotherapy is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is one tablet once a day . if you have kidney disease , your dose may be lower , depending upon your kidney function . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet with a drink of water . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can open them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice , rinse your nose . do not bite or cut the mouthpiece . rinse your nose with water . if you take more leganto than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to take airexar spiromax if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you feel that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . if you feel that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over dizziness , your doctor will give you a lower dose . you should not take more than one tablet at a time . do not take more than the recommended dose . you should take your tablet once a day , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over dizziness , your doctor will give you a lower dose . you should not take more than one tablet at a time . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take the tablets with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more qtern than you should if you take too many tablets , or if someone else has taken your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) into your skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the upper arm ( thigh ), or in the upper arm . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you will be given your upper arm . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how long you will be given your dose of azacitidine_mylan . this is to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give the tummy dose of thigh . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you miss a dose of thigh , make another appointment as soon as possible . if you are not sure when to inject your next dose , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 15 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the total daily dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is 1 mg / kg body weight taken once a day for 1 week , followed by 200 mg at week 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ,
always take nplate exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have the impression that the effect of nplate is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 17 years of age ), you should take 1 1 mg film - coated tablet week 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ‒ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you take more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take seebri breezhaler if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . then continue your treatment as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without consulting your doctor first . your asthma may increase without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye , once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . if you use more hand than you should rinse your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) into the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the upper arm or thigh ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your thigh . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you will be given your upper arm . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how long you will be given your dose of azacitidine_betapharm . this is to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the dose . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you miss a dose of thigh , make another appointment as soon as possible . if you are not sure when to inject your next dose , make another dose as soon as you can . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will give you how to give the next dose . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected thumb , once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not cut or crush the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not cut or crush the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not cut or crush the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not cut or crush the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not cut or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablets whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not open or cut the tablets . swallow the tablet whole . do not open or cut the tablets . if you accidentally swallow the tablets if you accidentally accidentally takes the medicine you will still ' t use it . if you or your child accidentally takes too much swallow the medicine as soon as you remember . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
- zoledronic acid teva must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid teva is given - the usual single dose given is based on your body weight . in some cases , your doctor may adjust the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of an severe allergic reaction ( e . g . reduced blood tests ). your doctor will tell you what dose you need to take , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given one infusion of zoledronic acid teva . how zoledronic acid teva is given - zoledronic acid teva is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least four weeks . zoledronic acid teva generics is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 3 weeks after your infusion and should be administered as a single intravenous solution in a separate infusion line . patients whose blood calcium levels are not too high will also be prescribed calcium and vitamin d supplements to be taken each day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take varuby . swallow the capsule whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more another_chemotherapy_cycle than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , or if someone else has taken your medicine , contact your doctor or hospital for advice straight away . you may need medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much this medicine have experienced feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ), sick ( sick ), sick , sick ( sick ), sick , sick ( sick ), sick , sick ( sick ), sick , sick ( sick ), sick , sick ( sick ), sick , sick ( sick ), sick , sick ( sick ), sick , sick and sick . your doctor will ask you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler days . do not take more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_asthma . if you take more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have a dry mouth . if you forget to take xoterna breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using xoterna breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 75 mg , to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 12 tablets once a day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more delstrigo than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ambrisentan mylan if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember , then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking neparvis stopping your treatment with neparvis may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 30 mg once a day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg / kg body weight once daily for the first 4 days , then then increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg once a day for the first 2 days , then every 4 weeks , depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg once a day for the first 2 days of treatment . this pattern of treatment will continue for you as long as you respond to treatment . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to stop . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is 4 capsules ( 8 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 4 separate doses . this means taking 8 capsules in the morning then 8 capsules in the evening . swallow the tablets whole with a drink of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more zelboraf than you should if you take this medicine , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital casualty department immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take this dose as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 14 mg , to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of duoplavin is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . adults ( aged 12 to 12 years ) the dose given will vary depending on the size of the child . the recommended dose is 14 mg twice a day for 14 days , then 14 mg per kilogram body weight for children and adolescents ( from 14 to 14 years of age ), or 14 mg per kg body weight for children and adolescents not receiving regular blood transfusions , 14 mg / kg body weight per day depending on the transplanted organ . if you take more clopidogrel teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take incresync if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye each day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not use more than your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye each day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to use simbrinza for as long as your doctor tells you . if you are using other medicines to prevent heart_failure ( such as heart_failure , heart_failure , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties , breathing_difficulties ,
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the usual starting dose is 0 . 5 million units ( iu ) injected subcutaneously ( under the skin ) under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how much you should use . use in children and adolescents grastofil can be used in adolescents and children aged 6 years of age or older . use in children and adolescents grastofil can be used in adolescents and children aged 0.5 and children aged at least 0 . 6 million iu / kg . your doctor will decide how much you need , for how long you need to , your blood tests may need to be adjusted . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your anaemia . if you do not respond adequately to a_forgotten_injection , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of chemotherapy . use in children and adolescents grastofil can be used in children and adolescents epoetin alfa hexal can be used in adolescents and children aged neutropenia . if you use more epoetin alfa hexal than you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you think too much epoetin alfa hexal has been injected . side effects from an overdose of epoetin alfa hexal are unlikely . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet taken orally twice daily by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew or crush the capsules . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . this is to check that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to the medicine . if you take more enzepi than you should if you accidentally take more enzepi tablets than your child should , tell your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take enzepi enzepi if you forget to take a dose of enzepi , just take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose on the next day to make up for the forgotten tablets . if you stop taking enzepi do not stop taking nevirapine teva unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 05 ml ( 0 . 0 ml ) of solution . use in children and adolescents refacto af is used as an intravenous infusion under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneous injection ). detailed instructions on how to inject proper_training is given under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneous use ). detailed instructions on how to inject proper_training are provided at the end of this leaflet ( see section " how to self - inject emgality " at the end of this leaflet ). reconstitution and administration : the doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with refacto af , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . do not inject yourself unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject as soon as you have mixed it . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the proper_training syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol swab . inject under the your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection syringe and clean the needle with an alcohol
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 18 micrograms ( one vial ) once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to a maximum of 18 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should use this medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of defitelio is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more drip than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is unlikely that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . if you have been given more medicine than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you have been given too much this medicine , contact your doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of this medicine . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is either 60 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 12 mg , to be taken as 12 capsules once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have not taken some_other_medicines for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking this medicine . to help you remember to take your medicine , take it at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take seebri breezhaler if you forget to take a dose , continue taking the medicine as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your thigh , thigh , thigh , thigh , thigh , thigh , thigh , upper arm or upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . low_levels_of_platelets will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm or the front of your thigh , thigh or upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . low_levels_of_platelets will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm or the front of your thigh , thigh or upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with treatment should only be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of jylamvo for adults and older people is 1 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a 1 mg tablet week 1 one and a half 1 mg tablet week 1 one and a half 1 mg tablet week 1 one and a half 1 mg tablet week 1 one and a half 1 mg tablet week 1 and beyond two 7.5 0 . 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg 1 tablet 7.5 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day or 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day 1 tablet 1 . 5 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg )
general information about taking this medicine : always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to take the usual dose of xoterna breezhaler is one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 hours . do not take more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much the_initial_treatment you need and for how long you should continue to take them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of the_initial_treatment to give to your child . the amount of medicines you receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 1 or 1 mg / kg body weight on days 1 , 1 , 1 , 3 , 3 and 8 of the first week of each cycle . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment you will receive . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one impaired_kidney_function tablet of topotecan_actavis per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of the_powder is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one impaired_kidney_function tablet of impaired_kidney_function per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of the_powder is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one impaired_kidney_function tablet of impaired_kidney_function per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of the_powder is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for patients with high kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose of two tablets of impaired_kidney_function per day . if you are being treated for impaired kidney function the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of impaired_kidney_function 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for impaired kidney function the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of impaired_kidney_function 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for impaired kidney function the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of impaired_kidney_function 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for impaired kidney function the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of impaired_kidney_function 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for impaired kidney function the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of impaired_kidney_function 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for impaired kidney function the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of impaired_kidney_function 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for impaired kidney function the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of impaired_kidney_function 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for impaired kidney function the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of the_powder 5 mg once a day . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will find an appropriate dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor has told you . do not stop your treatment without your doctor ' s advice as this could increase your serious condition . if you take more topotecan than you should you should not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to . contact your doctor if you take more tablets than you should . your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of rivastigmine_hexal to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine_hexal for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking rivastigmine teva . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take rivastigmine teva twice a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take rivastigmine actavis if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 500 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . if you have the impression that the effect of pemetrexed_hospira is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose of telmisartan teva pharma for most patients is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of telmisartan teva pharma b . v . is one tablet each day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1,000 ) your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ) in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1,000 years of age ), you should take lacosamide teva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with water . continue taking pemetrexed teva until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of stayveer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of tracleer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1,000 years of age ), you should continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed sandoz . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of ganfort to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be applied is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the treatment is working for you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure how to do this , your doctor or pharmacist will advise you on how you can continue your treatment at home . this is to check that you are not sure that you have been using this medicine . if you are not sure what to do , talk to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . even if you feel better , do not stop hands unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use tegsedi if you forget to apply a dose , apply cream as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of week 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of reblozyl for adults and older people is 3 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily dose : daily dose number of sachets 1 tablet 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 5 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 0 . 35 0 . 35 0 . 35 0 . 35 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 . 0 . 1 .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 1 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 1 mg / kg body weight in week 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 18 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). the recommended dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years or older ) the usual starting dose is 1 mg / kg body weight taken once a day for 1 week , followed by 200 mg at week 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ,
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one problems_with_speech tablet of unusual_movements per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may include : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking olanzapine accord , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer prolia to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with arm . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight , injected under the thighs ( subcutaneous ) in the upper arm or thighs . the patch can be injected into the thighs or the front of your thighs . the front of your upper arm the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , abdomen or upper arm . if you have the impression that the effect of prolia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much to use your doctor will decide which dose is best for you . the dose will be given will be decided by your doctor . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the injections . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the patch . how much to use your doctor will decide your dose and will inform you how much a_single_injection_under_the_skin_(subcutaneous) you will need and for how long you will need to inject them . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the patch . how much to use your doctor will decide how much you will be given your dose of a_single_injection_under_the_skin_(subcutaneous) . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to inject the injections . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . how to inject thighs your doctor will tell you how long you will need to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the next dose . you will be given your upper arm , abdomen or upper arm . if you have the impression that the effect of thighs is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much thighs , you should inject the next dose as soon as possible , but never your next dose at the scheduled time . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with thigh_muscle . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . ambirix is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenously ) into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor will decide how much you will be given your dose . your doctor or nurse will give you a local anaesthetic to make sure that you have been trained by your doctor or nurse . how much is given your doctor or nurse will give you a single injection into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your thigh , thigh or upper arm . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your thigh , thigh , thigh or upper arm . if you have the impression that the effect of thigh is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your thigh , thigh or upper arm . if you have the impression that the effect of muscle is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken as 1 dose in the morning and two tablets in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 20 mg for each kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis the usual starting dose is 1 mg / kg body weight once a week . alternatively , the dose may be increased by your doctor calculated according to your body weight . the usual starting dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in combination with body weight once daily for the first 1 week . maintenance dose number of tablets 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 35 mg three times a day or 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one infusion per day . you will usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may suggest you a higher or lower dose . the usual dose is one infusion in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may recommend you a longer term treatment . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may recommend you a longer term treatment . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may recommend you a longer term treatment . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may recommend you a longer term treatment . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may recommend you a longer term treatment . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may recommend you a reduced dose of this medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an infusion ( over 3 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of intuniv is one bodyweight a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine regularly at the same time each day . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not crush , crush or break the tablets . if you take more qtern than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this medicine is administered by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given ecalta as a drip ( intravenous infusion ) into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of about 1 hour . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . treatment with
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 5,000 in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kilogram body weight per day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose is 250 micrograms per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then adjust your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kg body weight per day depending on the severity of your kidney disease . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment cycle . patients with kidney disease if you have kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to inject this medicine at any time of day , but this will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to use this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor may prescribe vilanterol together with another medicine used to treat high blood pressure . if you have mild or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . vilanterol is for oral use . you should use this medicine every day , as instructed by your doctor . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one vial each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for wheezing or vilanterol . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . revinty_ellipta is for oral use . you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma . if you have difficulty swallowing the adapter , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one vial each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for wheezing or vilanterol . you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this product , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet once a day . take the tablet once a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . urgent treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a tablet of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine you should talk to your doctor first . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . fsh is given as an skin ( under the skin ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the leg patch . inject fsh as your doctor or nurse has taught you . you should check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . fsh is usually given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . do not change the dose yourself without talking to your doctor . if you use more fsh than you should if you use too much leg , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one capsule once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you respond well to chemotherapy , you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and after your chemotherapy infusion . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much roactemra you need and for how long . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with roactemra in combination with another medicine , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have the impression that the effect of corticosteroids is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more corticosteroids than you should if you have been given more medicine than you should , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you forget to take corticosteroids do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to take the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you take more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to vomit . if you forget to take xoterna breezhaler if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of iscover ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel hexal for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much is given your doctor will decide how much fetcroja you need and for how long . the amount you will be given is based on how much you weigh . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will decide the dose you need . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) into a vein . this infusion is given into a vein ( intravenously ) by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
depocyte should only be used by a doctor experienced in treating cancer . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of the_medicinal_product that you will be given will depend on your weight and your child ' s age and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 50 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your temperature and body weight . the usual dose for adults is 5 mg / kg body surface area twice a week . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your temperature and body weight . the usual dose for adults is 50 mg / kg given twice a week for up to 22 days and will be increased by 9 mg / kg / day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your temperature and body weight . the usual dose for adults is 50 mg / m2 of body surface area given orally on days 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 and 1 , 3 , 3 , 3 and 1 . 3 mg per kg of body weight on days 1 , 1 , 1 , 3 , 3 , 1 , 1 and 1 of 3 . 3 mg per kg of bodyweight each day for 3 days in total ( 1 week ). week 1 - full dose ( 0 . 75 mg ) corresponds to 0 . 3 mg / m2 body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose for you . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet of 1 mg per kg for each kilogram of body weight once daily for 1 week , followed by 1 week later . after day 1 , the next cycle will begin . you will again receive temozolomide teva once daily for 1 week , followed by 1 week later . on day 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 and 1 , 3 , 3 , 3 and 1 . 3 mg per kg of bodyweight each day . for example you will receive up to 1 year 3 weeks after the initial dose . your doctor will decide how long you should take temozolomide teva pharma . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for bemrist_breezhaler days . do not take more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_asthma . if you take more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have a dry mouth . if you forget to take xoterna breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking xoterna breezhaler do not stop taking this medicine without consulting your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of iscover ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 150 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 150 mg ( two tablets of 150 mg ). you will usually take 150 mg ( one 150 mg tablet ) once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 150 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more lamivudine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or go to a hospital emergency department immediately . take your medicine or some tablets with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take lamivudine teva if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your body weight and the results of your blood tests . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration docetaxel teva will be given by infusion into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 10 to 12 hours . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how your anaemia responds to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of blood_samples is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more zoledronic acid teva than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because you may develop serum electrolyte abnormalities ( e . g . abnormal levels of calcium , iron_supplements and / or low blood levels ). your doctor will tell you what to do if you have any further questions on the use of this product .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 drop in each affected eyes once a day for the first 6 months . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and above ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents aged 6 years to age . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 drop in each affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 drop in each affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 drop in each affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day .
your doctor or nurse will give you kepivance by a drip into a vein ( intravenous vein ). it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . you will receive an infusion ( drip ) into a vein ( intravenous administration ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . you will be given chemotherapy and will be given to you as an kilogram ( drip ) into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . you will be given chemotherapy and will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein ( intravenous administration ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . you will be given chemotherapy and will be given to you as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 48 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablets with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of cinacalcet_accordpharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more cinacalcet_accordpharma than you should if you take more tablets than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately , or contact your nearest hospital casualty department , taking the medicine with you . if you forget to take ambrisentan mylan if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with individual_tablets should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with individual_tablets . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with individual_tablets should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with individual_tablets . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with individual_tablets should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with individual_tablets . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with individual_tablets should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with individual_tablets . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more ribavirin mylan than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ribavirin mylan if you forget to take a tablet , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablet , you can dissolve the tablet into a glass of still water or apple juice . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more rifabutin than you should if you take more nizatidine tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take ranitidine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking ranitidine do not stop taking tracleer without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1000 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of week 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 56 ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel accord than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel apotex if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel apotex , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 8 equal doses . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more your_procedure than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide hexal . this is based on your size and body weight . the usual dose is 10 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check your heart and blood pressure during the heart . your doctor will perform appropriate blood tests to make sure that you have adequate levels in your blood . your doctor will perform blood tests to make sure that you have adequate levels in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check that your heart is working . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , your doctor or physical therapist will show you how to use it . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 100 mg three times a day ( taken as 50 mg ) in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . method and route of administration swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take viagra . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more ulipristal ucb than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take ribavirin teva if you forget to take a dose , continue taking the medicine as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from depression years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . if you have the impression that the effect of sifrol is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . olanzapine mylan tablets are for oral use . you should swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . - do not swallow the tablet with water . if you take more pramipexole_salt than you should if you take more tablets than you should , you may experience the following symptoms : sweating , anxiety , apathy , anxiety or restlessness . if you experience any of these symptoms then contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take ambrisentan mylan if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 3 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 10 mg ( 600 mg ). you will usually take 1 mg 1 mg film - coated tablet once a week week 1 week 1 dose week 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 6 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 6 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking monotherapy_dose , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 250 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking monotherapy_dose , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking monotherapy_dose , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking monotherapy_dose , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking monotherapy_dose , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking monotherapy_dose , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking monotherapy_dose , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one half 250 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes /
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use elebrato breezhaler every day until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop using airexar spiromax unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back or become worse . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to use the inhaler . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended starting dose is 100 iu per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 1 ml / kg / day ). your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 100 iu per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 100 iu per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 100 iu per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 100 iu per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 100 iu per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 100 iu per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 100 iu per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 100 iu per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will decide how long you should use refacto af . use in children and adolescents refacto af is used in adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents is not recommended to be used in children and adolescents aged 1 year to 1 year . if you have the impression that the effect of refacto af is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents refacto af is used in adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . if you use more luveris than you should please tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to use luveris do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , please ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of ninlaro for adults and older people is 4 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 4 half a 4 mg capsule week 1 one 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of asthma is based on your body weight . the usual starting dose of asthma is 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 40 mg every other week starting two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required ,
treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug disease . your doctor will determine the dose you need and tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of treatment is one 65 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to a maximum of 65 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of zerene is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for preventing breast cancer , anxiety or restlessness , the recommended dose is 65 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken during or without food . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more zerene than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may experience symptoms such as abdominal pain , anxiety , restlessness , even if you experience any of these symptoms . if you forget to take mood_changes do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time .
