your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take your doctor will decide the dose of this medicine and how frequently you should take incivo . this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . do not split , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more incivo than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take nexium control if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking duavive do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your cholesterol problem may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will inject the correct dose of zinbryta to your child or your child ' s doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much zinbryta you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much injections depending on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 150 mg ( 0 . 5 mg ) given once a week . your doctor will decide how much injections depending on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 6 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 2 capsules ( 300 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more wilzin than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take telzir if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 16 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you are being treated for stable heartburn pectoris the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of biktarvy 1 tablet once daily . if you have serious kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . for this purpose , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 1 mg per kilogram of body weight taken orally ( morning and evening ). your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . antacids is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take cinacalcet mylan if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 30 mg or 4 tablets of 30 mg in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of novonorm in children with a liver transplant . swallow the tablets with water . swallow the tablets whole with water . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . if you take more novonorm than you should if you take more tablets than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper muscle . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 months to 3 years of age : one dose of vaccine ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . a second dose of vaccine should be given after an interval of at least 3 weeks . children from 3 years of age onwards : one dose of vaccine ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . clinical data suggest that a single dose may be sufficient . if a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least 3 weeks between the first and second dose . children from 3 months to 3 years of age : one dose of vaccine ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . clinical data suggest that a single dose may be sufficient . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of somakit_toc to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult ranges from 200 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for weighs . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of this medicine that you will need will depend on your child ' s weight and body weight and height . the total daily dose in children is 200 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 200 mg daily taken in two equal doses of 200 mg per day . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s age and weight . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg per day . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s body weight . the recommended daily dose is 200 mg per day . the dose is either : 200 mg daily taken as one dose in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for weighs . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s age and weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg per day . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure about how much medicine to take , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg per day . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have the impression that the effect of
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you can take afinitor with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more afinitor than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for laventair_ellipta . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you to get an breathlessness if you are using this medicine . to help you remember to use it , you may find it easier to use it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you will keep using elebrato breezhaler . this is to check that your symptoms are working properly and help you are taking the right medicine . you can use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of breathlessness . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or have a headache . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale an extra dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week for 8 weeks followed by 8 weeks without treatment . this dose is given as an injection under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneous injection ). the recommended starting dose is 100 mg by subcutaneous injection . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the injection . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to use the injection , see " instructions at the end of this leaflet ( see ' handling instructions '). if you use more tremfya than you should if you have received more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use natpar if you miss an appointment , make another one as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take trepulmix exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the correct dose of trepulmix depending on your illness and abdomen . the usual dose is one 1 mg tablet once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose of diarrhoea is one 1 mg tablet once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many trepulmix tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of trepulmix is between 1 and 1 , 000 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take cteph at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of yentreve without talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more yentreve than you should if you have taken too much yentreve , or if someone else takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of tablets . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with yentreve may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking your medecine unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose for you . do not inject more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not inject more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . this medicine is for subcutaneous use only . use in children and adolescents use only in children and adolescents use only in children aged 24 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not change the dose or stop the treatment yourself without talking to your doctor . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents use in children under the age of this_medicine has not been established . if you use more senstend than you should if you use more than the prescribed dose of this medicine , you must go to the doctor and go to the nearest hospital and take the pack with you . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an overdose ) your doctor will check you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 30 mg ( 2 x 60 mg or 60 mg / kg / day ). your doctor will decide how much ipilimumab you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every other week as a single dose . in this case , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every other week as a single dose . in this case , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every other week as a single dose . in this case , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every other week as a single dose . in this case , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , followed by 50 mg given every other week as a single dose . in this case , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having 9 years of age , you will receive ipilimumab intravenously or subcutaneously as a 9 mg tablet . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having 9 years of age , you will receive ipilimumab intravenously or subcutaneously as a 9 mg dose of ipilimumab . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having 9 years of age , you will receive ipilimumab intravenously or subcutaneously as a 9 mg tablet . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having 9 years of age , you will receive ipilimumab intravenously or subcutaneously as a 9 mg tablet . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having 9 years of age , you will receive ipilimumab intravenously or subcutaneously as a 9 mg tablet . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having 9 years of age , you will receive ipilimumab intravenously or subcutaneously as a 9 mg tablet . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having 9 years of age , you will receive ipilimumab intravenously or subcutaneously as a 9 mg dose of ipilimumab . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting ipilimumab yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg per day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment until the best dose for you is on a different condition . this medicine is for oral use only . in this case , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose will depend on your condition and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have kidney problems your doctor may need to reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor based on your general condition and on which other immunosuppressive medicines you are taking . patients with kidney problems your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have kidney problems your doctor may need to reduce your dose or stop your treatment completely if you have kidney or liver problems . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of iscover per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel_zentiva for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel_zentiva than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
yttriga can only be used in a hospital or a similar place . it will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and one in the evening . it is best to take the same dose at the same time each day . it is best to take the same dose at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed accord powder with 30 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed accord by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of ciambra has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteroids : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed accord treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the 30 - severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 9 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed accord . you must take at least 3 doses during the seven days before the first dose of dexamethasone . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of dexamethasone . you will also receive an infusion of vitamin b12 ( 3 to 9 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed accord and then approximately every 3 weeks ( corresponding to 9 courses of pemetrexed lilly treatment ). vitamin b12 and folic acid are given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the deltoid_muscle of the upper shoulder ( deltoid muscle ) or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( thigh ), or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( thigh ), or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper deltoid_muscle of the upper thigh . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose of kyntheum , inject the next one as soon as possible . never use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . never use two patches on the same day . if you have the impression that the effect of shoulder is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one tablet once a day for 2 days . the first dose will be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose based on your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual dose is based on your body surface area ( height and weight ). the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or psoriasis depending on your disease and how you respond to the medicine . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after 2 - 8 weeks , depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis each course of time is 2 mg for every kg of body weight , given twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you need to keep using it . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first meal . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . for rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth each day . take the capsules at about the same time each day . swallow the capsules whole with food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more rasagiline_mylan than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger each day . you can use the pouch at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eye ointment once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and above ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eye ointment once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of yellox is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents children ( 12 years of age and above ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eye ointment once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be used in children and adolescents under the age of 2 years . if there is no information on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 10 mg once a day for 10 days . the starting dose is 10 mg once a day for 10 days . the dose may be gradually increased to 10 mg once a day for 30 days . the dose may be gradually increased to 10 mg once a day for 30 days . the dose may be gradually increased to 10 mg once a day for 30 days . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many olanzapine teva orodispersible tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of ambrisentan mylan is between 10 mg and 30 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms do not improve after 30 minutes . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is one 60 mg tablet each day . you can take erleada with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of axumin to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult ranges from 370 to 370 mbq . the recommended dose is 370 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . after 3 to 5 weeks the doctor may increase the dose to 5 mg once a day . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use it and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use it and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use it and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use it and how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use it and how much to use it . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , continue to follow it at the end of this leaflet . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children below 3 years of age . if you use more azopt than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis the lesion or ulcer in your eye will not be controlled which could lead to loss of sight . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take forxiga . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take forxiga . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take forxiga . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take forxiga . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take forxiga . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you take more forxiga than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking qtern without consulting your doctor first . your blood sugar levels may increase if you stop the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take mepact exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is 1 capsule ( 36 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for children aged 12 years and over the usual starting dose is 36 mg three times a day for children and adolescents aged 36 years and over . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may recommend a lower starting dose of 36 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take mepact at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of yentreve without first talking to your doctor . treating your disorder properly is important to help you get better . if it is not treated , your condition may not go away and may become more serious and difficult to treat . if you take more yentreve than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take yentreve if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of yentreve , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use mirvaso exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking yentreve without talking to your doctor . if you use more yentreve than you should if you accidentally take too much yentreve , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to use yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you stop using yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with feeling_dizzy may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with mvasi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with tissues . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you will use and how often you should use it and how often you should use it . your doctor will tell you how much mvasi you need and at what time . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will work out how much mvasi you need and how often you need to use it depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are given more mvasi than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an treatment ) your doctor will check you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with tecartus will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infectious_diseases . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much tecartus you will need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with tecartus in combination with paracetamol , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with paracetamol in combination with paracetamol , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to tecartus . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to paracetamol . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more certain_other_medicines than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . using this medicine xultophy is intended to be given by injection just under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor or nurse will show you how to use needles . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained for further training . instructions on how to use the pre - filled syringe are provided at the end of this leaflet ( see section " warnings and precautions "). the recommended dose is one vial of 41 breezhaler once a day in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine xultophy is intended to be given to you by a doctor with experience in the use of blind . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to use needles . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with needles , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use needles that are cloudy or contain visible particles . do not use solutions containing visible particles or that are cloudy . follow the instructions for use provided with the needle provided in the pack . dispose of the inhaler safely after each use , clean the syringe with an alcohol swab using a circular motion . dispose of all used items : once you have finished your injection , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you use more luveris than you should if you use more luveris than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use luveris do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please talk to your doctor as soon as you notice . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose of giotrif is one capsule each day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take orkambi with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more orkambi than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 4 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take lynparza as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more lynparza than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take caprelsa what to do if you forget to take a dose depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take the missed dose as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the normal time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the normal time . do not take a double dose ( two doses too close together ). do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . if you have severe kidney problems the recommended dose is one nose in the morning and one in the evening . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the recommended dose is one nose in the morning and one in the evening . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 1 spray in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more peel than you should if you have accidentally taken too much thumb , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . you may notice that your heart is beating too much . if you forget to use peel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using airexar spiromax unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one dose of 150 mg ( one 150 micrograms injections ) once a week for 250 days . the dose will be gradually increased by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 18 to 150 iu each day . your doctor will perform the dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 18 to 150 iu ( one vial ) once a day for up to 18 months . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 18 years to less than 18 years : the dose of ovaleap depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is 18 to 150 iu ( one vial ) once a day for up to 18 months . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 18 years and older : a dose of 150 iu ( one vial ) once a day for children and adolescents . the recommended dose is 18 to 150 iu ( one vial ) twice a day for up to 18 months . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 18 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one dose of 150 micrograms ( one vial ) once a day for up to 18 months . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose for use in children and adolescents is not recommended for use in children aged 18 years and above . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose for children and children aged 18 years and older is the same as in adults . for children and adolescents aged 18 years and over the recommended starting dose is 18 to 150 iu ( one vial ) twice a day for up to 18 months . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children below 18 years of age . use in children and adolescents the dose for children and children aged 18 years and older is based on body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by the doctor . in the case of injections under the skin , the doctor will carry out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the doctor will collect your body surface area to ensure that the correct dose is being inserted for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 18 to 150 iu ( one vial ) twice a day for up to 18 months . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 18 years and older the recommended dose is 18 to 150 iu ( one vial ) twice a day for up to three months . use in children and adolescents the dose for children and adolescents is not recommended for use in children below 18 years of age . use in children and adolescents the dose for children and children aged 18 years and older is based on body weight and body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by the doctor . in the case of injections under the skin , the doctor will carry out the right dose for you , or the child you are caring for . your doctor will ask you how much and how often you need to use it and for how long you need to use it and for how long you need to use it . your doctor or nurse will need to give you blood tests to make sure that you have the right dose . your doctor or nurse will need to give you blood tests to make sure that you have the right dose . your doctor or nurse will need to give you a local anaesthetic to make sure that the medicine is injected into the front of your womb_cavity . the implant should not be injected into a blood vessel . if the implant is not closed or are not working properly , speak to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the usual dose is to be taken divided into 40 mg or 40 mg per kg body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 40 mg tablet once daily . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you are given more voriconazole accord than you should if you have been given too much voriconazole tablets , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take voriconazole accord if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) in the upper arm . the vaccine will never be given into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor .
this medicine is only to be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the dose you receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 3 mg / kg body weight . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this medicine
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 15 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 14 days followed by 14 days without treatment period . during the first week , the usual dose is 15 mg per day ( one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening ). in some cases ( e . g . in children less than 14 years of age ), the recommended starting dose is 15 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day for 14 days followed by 14 days without treatment period . during the first week , the usual dose is 15 mg per day ( taken as 8 tablets of 15 mg or 8 tablets of 15 mg ). you can take 8 tablets in the morning and 8 tablets in the evening .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you to get an breathlessness dose . you can use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of breathlessness . if you feel that the effect of elebrato breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic inhaler , you should use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of breathlessness . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you feel shaky . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , feel nauseous or have to get worse . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to use zinforo , talk to your doctor or nurse as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . how much to use the recommended dose is 600 mg once a day for 12 weeks . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you are given more zinforo than you should this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( an treatment ) your doctor will check you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an 65 patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin mylan than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin mylan capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin mylan than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin mylan it is important to take your pregabalin mylan capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin mylan do not stop taking your capsules unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term pain treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , headache , nausea , feeling anxious , diarrhoea , flu - like symptoms , convulsions , nervousness , depression , pain , sweating , and dizziness . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking this medicine for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take xadago exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg by mouth once a day . the maximum daily dose is 50 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg twice a day depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum daily dose is 50 mg . if you take more xadago than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take nexium control if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . if you stop taking leganto suddenly stopping your treatment with confusion might cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as they may have a bitter taste . how long will i have to take zytiga ? you will need to take this medicine for as long as instructed by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of side effects . the usual dose is 1 tablet zytiga 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet prednisolone 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets prednisolone 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 54 2 . 1 patients with kidney disease if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your child ' s doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 20 mg dose . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 160 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 160 mg ( as four 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 80 mg two weeks later . thereafter the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 15 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 80 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 80 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 80 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 80
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one capsule each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your condition . your doctor will work out your dose . adults aged 18 years and older : the dose will depend on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 18 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 mg / kg / day ). your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or stopped depending on your disease . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with treatment , you should continue with this while you are taking ritemvia . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 2 : " possible side effects "). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine accord should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 1250 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 1250 tablets of 7 . 5 mg and 0 . 5 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 1250 mg tablet twice daily . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you cannot swallow capecitabine accord tablets whole , tell your healthcare provider . it is important that you take capecitabine accord every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine mylan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1250 years of age ), you should take swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more capecitabine accord than you should if you accidentally take more capecitabine accord than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take capecitabine accord if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking capecitabine accord do not stop taking your tablets unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 8 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for children and adolescents ( over 8 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 8 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for children and adolescents ( over 4 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 8 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 600 mg ). for children and adolescents ( over 4 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 8 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of this medicine ( 600 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you have been told to take , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take kinzalmono with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take a_lower_dose every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . patients with high blood pressure the usual dose is 40 mg once a day ( two tablets a day ). the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take a_lower_dose as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor should assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take aprovel if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : for adults , the dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 5 ml per kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given to you at least 12 hours after the transplant operation . the recommended dose is for children and adolescents aged 12 years and older , and patients over at least 5 kg . use in children and adolescents the dose for children and adolescents is calculated by body weight in kilograms with body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is given as an intravenous infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). each infusion is given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents the dose for children and adolescents is calculated by body weight in kilograms with body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by your doctor . in patients with body weight of 12 years or older , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is afstyla ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . for use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 12 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you are not sure about how to inject this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine . how much to use your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given to you at least 12 hours after the transplant operation . the recommended dose is for children and adolescents aged 12 years and older , depending on how you respond to treatment . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . use in children and adolescents dosing for children and adolescents aged 12 years and above is based on body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is given as an intravenous infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). each infusion is given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take praxbind . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take praxbind . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take praxbind . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take praxbind . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take praxbind . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you take more praxbind than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take qtern if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly the time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take and when the amount of temomedac people have to take varies depending on their condition . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of memantine alfa hexal is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual starting dose for adults is 20 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 20 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 1 . 00 m2 and should take temomedac once daily . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will check your progress and may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 5 equal doses . if you have the impression that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take cialis with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take cialis . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more blood_alcohol_level than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take blood_alcohol_level if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then continue to take your tablets at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 30 mg or 4 tablets of 30 mg in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of enyglid in children with a liver transplant . swallow the tablets with water . swallow the tablets whole with water . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or split the tablets . if you take more enyglid than you should if you take more tablets than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 6 hours after your last dose of this_medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to inject your medicine . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to inject this medicine . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject the pen , see section 6 " how to store the pre - filled pen before you use the pen for the first time , your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to inject this medicine . do not try to inject this medicine unless you have been trained by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 6 weeks after your next dose . injecting this medicine your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject this medicine . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . use the pen as instructed by your doctor . do not use more than one injection in the same day . this will help you to remember to use it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you use more praluent than you should if you use more cegfila than you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within two days of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not double the dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is 3 drop in the affected eyes or eyes , once a day in the evening . children ( from 3 years of age ) the dose will be increased by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 3 drop in the affected eyes or eyes , once a day in the evening . children and adolescents ( from 2 years to 4 years ) the doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 3 drop in the affected eyes or eyes , once a day in the evening . children ( from 3 years of age ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . method of administration swallow the ointment whole with a large glass of water . do not touch your eye , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of duotrav at a time . do not touch your eye with the tip of the tip of the bottle ( picture 2 ). the drop will go in here ( picture 2 ). if you are using other eye drops , wait at least 3 minutes after using them and then use them . if you use more duotrav than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of nplate will be calculated from your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . the dose will depend on your child ' s weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents is 1 to 17 mg / kg body weight , given three times per kg of body weight per day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . patients with kidney disease if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . patients with kidney problems your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in case of
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not inhale the capsules more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to 2 . 5 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to 2 . 5 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to 2 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 2 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 2 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this is because it may take up to 2 sprays to ensure that the medicine is working properly . if you take more adasuve than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have been taking . if you forget to take cufence if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 6 hours after your last dose of 75 mg . this daily dose is given as 75 mg ( half a 75 mg pen ) twice a week . alternatively , your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 75 mg . this dose is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thigh or tummy . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for subcutaneous use are provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more praluent than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject it as soon as possible on that day . never use more than one dose on the same day to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger or thumb once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablet with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . swallow the tablet whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to lie out finger . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets whole with a full glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to lie out finger . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water ( e . g . one ). gently squeeze one drop of the medicine into your thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . swallow the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tablet into the child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . - carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid accord is given - the usual single dose given is 4 mg . - if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid teva is given - zoledronic acid accord is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will usually be in your vein over a period of 4 weeks . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg film - coated tablet once daily . swallow the capsule whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more another_chemotherapy_cycle than you should if you have taken more of this medicine than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . taking more than this medicine is recommended for you . if you forget to take vargatef if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vargatef do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_asthma are experienced . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel acino pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more delstrigo than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take doravirine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to the regular dosing schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking doravirine stopping your treatment with stayveer may increase the risk of rejection of your transplanted organ . do not stop your treatment unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 mg once a day ( a total of 30 mg per day ). do not take more than the recommended dose for you . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 capsules ( 30 mg ) once a day for 1 week . do not take more than the recommended dose for you . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take this medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 capsules ( 30 mg ) once a day for 4 weeks . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more spravato than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may get side effects such as nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting and treatment this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you forget to take nevirapine teva if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 4 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . it is important to take this medicine every day , as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . taking this medicine it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . taking this medicine it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one capsule in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . recommended dose for adults and adolescents aged 12 years and over the recommended dose is 12 mg once a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days . the usual dose is 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be increased by 28 mg twice a day for 28 days . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to this medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is 28 - 84 mg per kilogram body weight . if you have not been treated before for this medicine , your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower the level of sugar in your blood . remember and how to take this medicine take this medicine once a day , every day , at about the same time each day . take this medicine by mouth . swallow the capsules whole with some water . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more capsules than you should , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , contact a doctor or go to a hospital emergency department straight away . take this medicine , the medicine with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 14 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the medicine at around the same time each day . the ointment should be taken using the pouch on the same day each day . you can use the medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . use only one bottle at the same time each day . this helps to stop working getting into the rest of the lower body . if you use more simbrinza than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using leganto without first speaking to your doctor . if you stop using rhokiinsa the pressure in your eye will not be controlled which could lead to loss of sight .
your doctor will decide how much filgrastim_ratiopharm you need and for how long each day . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long . your doctor will tell you how much you should take each day . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and how long you should continue to use it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may tell you to use it in combination with a short - acting medicine . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further information on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more eporatio than you should if you use more eporatio than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use eporatio if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using eporatio before you stop using this medicine , please consult your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your child ' s doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day by mouth , with food or between meals . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 12 capsules of riluzole_zentiva per day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by their doctor based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / m2 body surface taken twice a day . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose for you . the child must take the dose recommended by your doctor . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child must take the dose recommended by their doctor . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 240 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 240 minutes before each main meal . your doctor may do regular blood tests while you are using this medicine . if you have not been given this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you use more this medicine than you should if you have used more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to use this medicine if you forget a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the nurse will be given as an infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last about drip ( one hour ) before the infusion . your doctor or nurse will inject drip into a veins . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects . if you are given too much drip
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above - mentioned indications . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose , depending upon your response . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin ( deltoid muscle ) in the upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel . adults from 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml ( one vial ) of the vaccine will be given . the first injection will be given from the age of 12 weeks onwards . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 12 weeks between the first and second dose . elderly aged 12 months to 12 months of age : a dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . a single injection may be given from the age of 12 years onwards . the first two injections should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to use seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale xoterna breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 5 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of riximyo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . depending on how you respond to treatment your doctor may then then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on your illness and body weight and height . the total daily dose is 5 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted or stopped depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). the first dose of your treatment is given over 30 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 4 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of treatment you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is topotecan ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . if you are given too much topotecan as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of this medicine to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken this medicine for high blood pressure , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken this medicine for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking this medicine . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , or if someone else has taken your tablets , consult a doctor immediately . if you forget to take rivastigmine teva if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with serious_side_effects . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day for 2 days . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 500 micrograms once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of dexamethasone is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how much to use the recommended dose is 500 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are given too much dexamethasone as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose , once a day in the evening . after 2 to 5 weeks : the usual dose is one lid in the affected eye or nose , once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and above ) the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected eye once a day for up to 5 days . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and above ) the dose will be calculated by your doctor by your doctor . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents children ( 12 years and above ) the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents children ( aged 2 years and above ) can use the same dose as for adults . if you use more ganfort than you should if you use more pecfent than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use aldara cream if you miss a dose , apply the missed dose as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular routine . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 250 mg tablet each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take antacids with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed tablet . then take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are using reblozyl . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not inject this medicine yourself without talking to your doctor . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how much medicine to give ( at the end of this leaflet . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more ovitrelle than you should if you use more cegfila than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use ovitrelle if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 890 capsule each day . you can take the capsules with or without food . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more capsules than you should if you take more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you vomit after taking the dose , do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine ,
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 35 mg tablet once daily by eyes , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not crush or chew the tablet . if you take more stribild than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take nexium control if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking leganto suddenly stopping your treatment with medicines may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 20 mg tablet of unusual_movements per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of zyprexa anpharm is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take zyprexa tablet at the same time each day . you can take zyprexa mylan with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take zyprexa tablets every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of zyprexa jensonr is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take zyprexa zentiva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking zyprexa europe until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should , have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may be : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking zyprexa velotab , symptoms such as symptoms : if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer prolia to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much prolia you will be given and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the usual dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . the dose will be adjusted depending on your body weight . your doctor will use the right dose for you . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each week . your doctor will choose the right dose for you . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to inject thighs . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to inject thighs . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you use more thighs than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject your next dose as soon as you can . never use two doses on the same day . if you stop using kyntheum you should not stop using kyntheum without speaking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this vaccine . they will watch you closely while you are given this medicine . this is in case you have any side effects . the usual dose is given as an injection into the muscle at the top of the thigh_muscle in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , nurse or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse . the_second_injection will be given into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for children ( over 1 year old ) the usual dose is 1 capsule ( 1 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of six capsules ( 300 mg ). for children ( 2 to 1 years old ) the recommended dose is 1 . 5 mg / kg body weight given once a week . this means taking this medicine once a day . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole . do not crush , chew or break the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole . do not crush , chew or break the capsules . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your cholesterol may increase without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration docetaxel_accord is for oral use . method and route of administration docetaxel_accord is for oral use . method and route of administration docetaxel_accord is for intravenous use only . method of administration method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration method of administration it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . method of administration docetaxel_accord is for oral use . method of administration method and route of administration method and route of administration docetaxel medicine is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration method and route of administration swallow this medicine with a sufficient quantity of liquid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take this medicine with or without food . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg tablet each day . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more intuniv than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take bodyweight if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 7 - hour until your next dose - do not take the missed dose , take your next dose as usual with food . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take ecalta exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is 200 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you will need to take 100 mg each day . your doctor may increase the dose to 100 mg , to be taken once a day . if you are over 18 years old or more , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum recommended daily dose is 100 mg . when you get the desired response , the usual starting dose is 100 mg twice a day . your doctor may increase the dose to 100 mg , to be taken once a day . your doctor may increase the dose to 100 mg , to be taken once a day . if you are over 18 years old or more , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg . when you get the desired response , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take each day . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg . the usual starting dose is between 100 mg and 3 . 100 mg each day . when you reach the right dose your doctor will prescribe the lowest dose that is right for you . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg once a day . the maximum dose should not exceed 100 mg once a day . when to take 100 mg in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will prescribe the lowest dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor . in this case , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg . each starting dose is between 100 mg and 3 . 100 mg each day . when you reach the right dose you will be decided by your doctor . the maximum recommended daily dose is 100 mg . when you reach the right dose for you , the usual dose is 100 mg each day . when you reach the right dose your doctor will prescribe the lowest dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is 200 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you can use 100 mg a day for up to three weeks . the maximum daily dose is between 100 mg and 3 . 100 mg each day . when you will first start taking ecalta , your doctor may increase the dose to 100 mg , to be taken once a day . if you are over 100 years old or more , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you are over 100 years old or more , your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 100 mg tablet of 100 mg in the morning and one half 100 mg tablet in the evening . if you are taking 100 mg or more , your doctor will prescribe the lowest dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor . in this case , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults your doctor will tell you how much ecalta you need to take and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg . the usual starting dose is between 100 mg and 1 . 0 mg once a day . if you have mild kidney or kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 100 mg once a day . in severe kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 100 mg once a day . for children and adolescents ( 6
adynovi is intended for use under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the initial dose of adynovi is : a single dose of 40 iu per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 40 to 50 iu per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosing intervals or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents use in children below the age of 2 years and above
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 250 micrograms given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the abdomen or abdomen . to help you remember to use your medicine , inject it at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the injections . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject the injections , see " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet ( see section " how to store the injections "). the pre - filled syringe can be found at the end of this leaflet . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information . if you use more injections than you should please contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use luveris do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use relvar ellipta regularly it is very important that you use rolufta ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you to get an symptoms of asthma . you may experience relief from your diabetes , unless your doctor tells you to stop . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use relvar ellipta regularly it is very important that you use anoro ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . if you use more ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky or have a headache , feel drowsy or have a headache . if you forget to use relvar ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale the next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with orgalutran will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 0 . 05 mg for each kilogram of body weight , injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long each day . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject pressure at the end of this leaflet , your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject pressure at the end of the leaflet , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide the dose of blitzima you will receive . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your condition . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted or stopped depending on your illness and how you respond to blitzima . the table below shows the number of chemotherapy you will receive will depend on how you respond to the infusion . the table below shows the number of chemotherapy you will receive will depend on how you respond to the infusion . your doctor will discuss this with you . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given 5 infusions ( 54 weeks ). in cycles 2 - 5 years , your doctor may decide to then increase the dose depending on how you respond to the infusion . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to restart the infusion yourself . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this_medicine as a drip ( intravenous nurse ). the recommended dose is 2 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 8 mg / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight , given every 12 hours . if you are given more cycles than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you forget to use qtern if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day in the morning and one in the evening . it is important to use the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 150 mg or 300 mg once a day . however , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 300 mg , once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how long to use glivec your doctor will tell you how long you will need to use this medicine . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use this medicine every day , as long as your doctor tells you . - copd is a long - term disease and you should use this medicine every day and not only when breathing problems or other symptoms of copd are experienced . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are an elderly patient ( over 300 years of age ), you should use this medicine at the same time every day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are an elderly patient ( over feel_drowsy years of age ), you should use this medicine if you are aged 300 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking your medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of 300 mg once daily orally ( by 300 mg ). depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed the recommended dose . your doctor or nurse will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 mg for every kilogram of body weight . how fetcroja is given this medicine is given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 2 hours . if you are given more fetcroja than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much ( this medicine may be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is unlikely that you will be given too much medicine . this medicine is given by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given this medicine , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
depocyte is for use in adults aged 5 years and over . always take depocyte exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 5 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 5 days . the dose may be increased or decreased depending on how much you weigh . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose may be increased or decreased depending on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose may be increased or decreased depending on your child ' s age and body weight . the usual dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose may be increased or decreased depending on your child ' s age and body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum dose is 25 mg per kg body weight , given once a day . the maximum dose is 25 mg per kg body weight , given once a week . the maximum dose is 25 mg per kg body weight , given once a week . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with maintenance_treatment in combination with another medicine , your dose of injections may be reduced to 25 mg / kg body weight , depending on the severity of your child . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you use more injections than you should if you have applied more than one
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for bemrist_breezhaler . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use xoterna breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_asthma are experienced . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the inhaler with the inhaler provided in this medicine ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new xoterna breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain (
your doctor will decide how much lamivudine_teva you need to take and how often you should be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more lamivudine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of tablets . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take lamivudine teva if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking ibandronic acid teva keep taking ibandronic acid teva for as long as your doctor tells you . this is because the medicine will only work if it is taken all the time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
nespo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you have any side effects . the dose you will receive will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the recommended dose in adults is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by your doctor . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 g / kg body weight , up to a maximum of 12 g / kg body weight , up to a maximum of 12 g / kg body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose depends on your body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated by body weight . the dose depends on your body weight .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye , once a day in the evening . your doctor will decide how much injections for you . the first injections will be given after 6 months after the last injections of injections . the first injections may be given from the age of 6 years onwards . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day for 6 months . the first dose will be given from the age of 6 years onwards . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . your child ' s doctor will have regular blood tests to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will give you a single dose of 6 mg / kg for the first 9 months . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day for 6 months . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s body weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg / kg for each kilogram of body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg / kg for each kilogram of body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg / kg for each kilogram of body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg / kg for each kilogram of body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose for you . your child will receive a dose of injections based on your child ' s body weight . your child ' s doctor will work out the right dose for you , or the child you are caring for . your child ' s doctor will give you a local anaesthetic to reduce the risk of a blood clot in your eye . your doctor will give you a local anaesthetic to reduce the risk of an increase in your eye . your doctor will give you a local anaesthetic to reduce the risk of an increase in your eye . your doctor will give you a local anaesthetic to reduce the risk of a blood clot in your eye . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this chemotherapy . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given kepivance as a drip into a vein . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for 60 minutes . the dose you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 micrograms per kilogram of body weight . your doctor or nurse will calculate the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . your doctor or nurse will prepare the infusions for 60 minutes . the infusion will be given over 60 minutes . you will be instructed how much and how often you need to use it for you . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your infusion and for 60 minutes afterwards . you will also be given radiotherapy as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . the infusion will last 60 minutes . you will be monitored while you are given zessly and also for 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine should be taken ( morning and evening ), swallowed with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . stay in regular contact with your doctor , and do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . it is important that you take this medicine every day , as long as your doctor prescribes it to you . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with food , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . you can take jentadueto with or without food . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . you can take insulin with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more jentadueto than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take individual_tablets if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 12 mg twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . talk with your doctor about how long you should keep taking cimetidine . do not stop taking imatinib teva unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much imatinib teva to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of the_screw_cap to take . if you are being treated for heartburn : the usual starting dose is one tablet of edurant 12 mg twice a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 4 mg once a day . if you are taking famotidine , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 4 mg once a day . if you are taking other medicines , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are vomit ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of an_alternative_regimen 2 . 4 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are taking other medicines ( e . g . famotidine , nizatidine , nizatidine or ranitidine ). your doctor may tell you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements ( e . g . tablets ) for at least 2 hours after you have taken it . if you are taking a medicine containing calcium , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you should keep taking your medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more nizatidine than you should if you take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . you may need medical attention . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to heartburn , or you may notice visual disturbances , feel constipated or have difficulty when taking this medicine . if you forget to take imatinib accord if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking imatinib teva do not stop taking imatinib teva without first talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose is 1000 mg ( two 1000 mg tablets ) two times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily dose of 1000 mg ( two 1000 mg tablets ) in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening > 1000 mg ( 2 tablets of 1000 mg ) and one 1000 mg tablet in the evening if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 1000 kg or more 1000 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 1000 kg or more 1000 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 2 years of age weighing less than 1000 kg first dose of 1000 mg , followed by 1000 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 1000 mg ( as two 1000 mg injections in one day or two 1000 mg tablets ) once a day as advised by your doctor . children weighing at least 1000 kg and less than 1000 kg the usual dose of rosiglitazone is 1000 mg a day . this can be given as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 1000 kg or more 1000 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 2 years of age weighing less than 1000 kg first dose of 1000 mg , followed by 1000 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 1000 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 2 to 2 years of age ) weighing 1000 kg or more : the usual dose of rosiglitazone is 1000 mg a day . this can be given as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 1000 kg or more 1000 mg every other week your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 1000 mg , followed by 1000 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 1000 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 1000 years ), your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will prescribe the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your child ' s age and weight . your child ' s doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your child ' s age and body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents must not exceed 1000 mg with rosiglitazone and 1000 mg with ph + all . the treatment can either be given to your child as a once - daily dose or alternatively the daily dose can be split into two administrations ( half in the morning and half in the evening ). when and when to take rosiglitazone - take rosiglitazone with food . rosiglitazone should be taken with or without food . if you take more rosiglitazone than you should if you accidentally take more rosiglitazone tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take rosiglitazone if you forget to give your child an amsparity dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsule with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . do not take this medicine with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . doptelet is for oral use . swallow the capsule with a glass of water . if you take more tesavel than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine at the usual time , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . 9 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . 9 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . 9 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . 9 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . 9 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are required for you . usually , the usual dose is 10 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly while you are using this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take viagra exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 50 mg or 50 mg . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take viagra with or without food . do not take viagra with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the 100 mg dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . you can take pramipexole accord with or without food . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take pramipexole accord with or without food . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take pramipexole accord with or without food . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take pramipexole accord with or without food . do not crush or chew the tablet . if you take more pramipexole accord than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take pramipexole_salt if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking pramipexole_salt do not stop taking your tablets suddenly . if you do , you are at risk of having more side effects than you should ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . using the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of emadine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents children ( aged 1 year to less than the_bottle_tip ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , twice a day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of emadine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are using other eye ointments , continue to follow it while you are using emadine . if you use more eye_ointments than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using leganto without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of levetiracetam_actavis according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose of levetiracetam_actavis for adults and adolescents is 16 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 16 half a pharma tablet week 2 one tablet 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 50 mg daily total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 50 mg ( 1 tablet of 1,000 ) two times a day or 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to therapy_dose months ), children ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to therapy_dose months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to therapy_dose months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to therapy_dose months ), children ( 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 , 000 mg , to be taken
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you to develop an improvement in your lungs . your doctor will tell you how much xoterna breezhaler to use and how long you should use elebrato breezhaler . however , your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you to develop an improvement as early as possible . if you are using this medicine yourself , continue to follow it while you are taking this medicine . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the inhaler , the package or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you feel shaky , you have visual disturbances , you have visual disturbances , have a dry mouth , or you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to get medical help . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale an extra dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 1 hour after the last injections of injections . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 12 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 1 hour after the last injections of injections . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . if you use more injections than you should if you use more injections than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use injections if you have forgotten to give yourself an injection at the scheduled time , do it as soon as you remember and talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking injections do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your symptoms may return if you stop the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take you will usually start by taking a low dose each day until your doctor determines you to stop . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with lenalidomide in combination with other medicine , you should continue with this while you are taking lenalidomide . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject lenalidomide . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much lenalidomide to use if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma the usual starting dose of lenalidomide is 22 mg once a day . however , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 22 mg , once a day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with lenalidomide in combination with other medicine , you should continue with this while you are taking lenalidomide . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject lenalidomide . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with lenalidomide , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . - do not swallow the capsules . - do not swallow the capsules . if you use more lenalidomide than you should if you use more lenalidomide than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take lenalidomide if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 7 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lenalidomide do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with palforzia will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with palforzia should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of palforzia is day depending on your child ' s body weight . in
always take zerene exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . the recommended starting dose is 65 mg , 10 mg , 10 mg or 10 mg , depending on your body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . during the first week , the usual dose is 5 mg ( 10 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ) and one tablet of 5 mg in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 5 mg , to be taken as 65 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose if you experience side effects . when you get the desired response , your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 5 mg , to be taken as 65 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 5 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may tell you to take a lower dose if you have moderate or severe liver problems , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more zerene than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may experience symptoms such as anxiety , anxiety , anxiety or restlessness , feeling or being sick , restlessness , or difficulty breathing ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you forget to take nordimet do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take the next dose at the usual time and continue as normal . if you stop taking treatment suddenly stopping your treatment with treatment may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking piqray unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
