always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 6 years of age and over the recommended starting dose is 60 mg three times a day ( taken as a 60 mg tablet in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening ). your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose for you , depending on your condition . the first dose will be given within 4 days of the transplant operation . the recommended daily dose is 6 capsules ( 8 mg ) per day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg / day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 6 capsules ( 8 mg ) per day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg per day depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine take this medicine once a day , preferably at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . if you take more numient than you should if you take more capsules than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , go to the doctor or go to hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . you may experience side effects described in section headache . if you forget to take numient if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking duavive your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . zinbryta is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give the stomach patch . the upper back of your thigh , thigh , thigh , upper upper arm or thigh , upper stomach , thigh , thigh , thigh , thigh , thigh , thigh or thigh . your doctor will also tell you when you should stop the treatment . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give the injection . do not try to give this medicine to remove the patch from your thigh . make sure that your child is fully down on the same day as the next scheduled dose . if you give that you should give the injection , it is important that you make sure that you do not miss or discontinue the patch unless your doctor has told you to . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you accidentally inject too many capsules , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose of kyntheum , inject your next dose as soon as you remember , on the same day . do not take two doses on the same day to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking kyntheum you should not stop using kyntheum without speaking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose and duration of this medicine depends on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used in combination . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . - if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take wilzin . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take this medicine . if you take more ribavirin teva than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is iron capsules taken once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 1 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more biktarvy than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , tell your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency room straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine you should talk to your doctor first . it is important that you carry on taking this medicine for as long as your doctor prescribes the medicine . since it is not known how long you should take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablet whole with some water . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . if you take more novonorm than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to take semglee if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . vaccine will be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of the medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the recommended dose is 200 mg per kg of body weight , given once a day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 200 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is either 200 mg per kg body weight , up to a maximum of 200 mg per kg of body weight . if you are being treated for pregnant pectoris the recommended starting dose is 200 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 200 mg per kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 200 mg every other day . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is either 200 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is either 200 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is either 200 mg per kg body weight . the maximum dose is either 200 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 200 mg ) per day . if you are being treated for pregnant pectoris the recommended dose is 200 mg per day . however , in some cases , half in the morning and the other half in the evening . if you are being treated for pregnant pectoris the usual dose is 100 mg per day . however , in some cases , half in the morning and the other half in the evening . for children and adolescents the recommended dose in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . if you use more cinacalcet mylan than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 5 years of age and over the recommended dose is 5 mg once a day for 5 days . the dose will be increased to 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). in the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one tablet of 10 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg twice a day or 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ). for the first week , the usual dose is 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one tablet of 10 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg twice a day or 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one tablet of 10 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg twice a day or 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one tablet of 10 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg twice a day or 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one tablet of 10 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg twice a day or 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one tablet of 10 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg twice a day or 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one tablet of 10 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg twice a day or 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one tablet of 10 mg ) in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 10 mg twice a day or 10 mg once a day ( 1x 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 mg ( one tablet of 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 and a half tablets once a day ( 10 mg ) in the morning and half in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg to be taken as 10 mg once a day
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use laventair_ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_symptoms . if you are not sure how much of this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of xoterna breezhaler to use . - this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you use elebrato ellipta every day even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale an extra dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or attack , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week for 8 weeks followed by 8 weeks without treatment . this dose is given as injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection into a the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( intravenous injection ) or under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneously ). your doctor or nurse will decide on the correct dose of tremfya . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to use the recommended starting dose is 100 mg given once a week for up to 8 weeks , followed by 8 mg per kg of body weight once a week for 8 weeks . no more than 8 months should be given on an interval of at least 8 weeks between the first and second dose . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks between doses . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much trepulmix you should take and how often you should use it for the first time . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will show you how to use the pen properly and how much to use it . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for information on how to inject the medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use your doctor will decide the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one infusion of 1 , 000 mg each day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your kidney function . in patients with kidney problems if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of trepulmix to give to your child . the amount of time you receive is based on your body weight . the usual dose is one infusion of light-headedness per day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are an older patient ( over infusion ), your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are being treated for chronic kidney failure the usual recommended starting dose is one infusion of 1 , 000 mg each day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are given too much crysvita as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much crysvita , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use ovitrelle if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking nilemdo do not stop using your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much zimbus breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inject once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of senstend are experienced . the inhaler should be swallowed whole and not with water . - do not cover , crush or chew the capsules . you can use the inhaler as instructed by your doctor or nurse . - if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the inhaler as instructed by your doctor . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you use more aerivio spiromax than you should if you have inhaled too much airexar spiromax or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use airexar spiromax if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using airexar spiromax unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of this_medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . nivolumab accord is given as an an_infusion ( drip ) into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you are given too much nivolumab hospira as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much crysvita , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will decide the dose of opdivo you will receive . this dose and duration will depend upon your illness , weight and how well you respond to treatment . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . your doctor will decide how much nivolumab you will receive . this medicine is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your vein . the first dose of your treatment is given over 30 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 4 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of chemotherapy you receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is nivolumab ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . if you use more nivolumab than you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much . if you miss an appointment , tell your doctor as soon as possible .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 32 . 5 mg ), once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel actavis for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel bgr than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then then take the next dose at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much tacforius you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose is one 0.30 in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment until the best dose for you is on each day . your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules you should take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . taking this medicine - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . you can take your tablet with or without food . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more immunosuppressive_medication than you should if you have accidentally taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take pantoloc control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your next , normal dose , the next day , at your usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel apotex than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . always take yttriga exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual starting dose is one capsule per day . it is preferable to take your medicine at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . always take the tablet with water and during your meal . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take yttriga . it is important to continue to follow the instructions about diet and exercise from your doctor , nurse or pharmacist tells you to stop . do not change the dose or stop the treatment yourself unless your doctor tells you to . to help you remember to take the capsules , you may find it easier to take it at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 500 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should continue to take it . use in children and adolescents 1000 years of age and older and adolescents is the same as in adults . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 4 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more dexamethasone than you should if you are concerned that you may have taken too much , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take pegintron take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a the_vaccine ( usually in the upper deltoid_muscle ). the front of the upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ), shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , shoulder or upper shoulder . if you miss a dose of kyntheum you should inject the next dose as soon as you remember . if you are not sure when to inject your next dose , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop using kyntheum you should not stop using kyntheum without speaking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for each kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how remicade is given this medicine is for intravenous use only . it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one medicine taken orally once daily in the morning and in the evening . take the capsules at about the same time each day . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not crush or crush the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , this medicine is not recommended , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine and this medicine with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . the usual dose for adults with rheumatoid arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis , and for patients with psoriatic arthritis is shown in the below . patients with psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis your doctor will decide upon the most appropriate dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you use more methotrexate than you should if you use more methotrexate than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use solymbic if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking a dose of this medicine , just inject the next dose as soon as you remember , but only if within 1 - 2 days after the forgotten dose . if it is very close to your next injection , do not double the dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or fingers once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or fingers once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and older ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eye ointment once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 720 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 10 days . the dose may be increased by your doctor based on your individual needs for the body . the maximum recommended daily dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg / kg body weight . the maximum dose is 10 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 10 mg per kg body weight ). the maximum dose is 10 mg / kg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 10 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 10 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 10 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 10 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 10 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week 4th week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 30 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week 4th week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 30 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week 4th week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 48 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week 4th week number of tablets 30 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 75 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 48 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is 60 mg three times a day ( morning and evening ), taken with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to achieve the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of medicine precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine should only be used in children and adolescents . this medicine should only be used in children and adolescents . this medicine should only be used in children and adolescents . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is 12 mg once a day ( leaving approximately 10 mg ) in the second week and to 10 and a half 10 mg tablet of 10 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 12 mg once a day ( taken as 24 capsules of 36 mg ). after the first week , the usual dose is 24 capsules ( 36 mg ) taken three times a day ( leaving approximately 24 hours between each dose ), or 2 tablets of 36 mg in the evening . children there is no information for the use of mepact in children with a body weight of vomiting . if you take more low_blood_pressure than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , you may experience the following side effects with this medicine . contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take yentreve if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with treatment may lead to your symptoms getting worse . do not stop taking your tablets unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long . the recommended starting dose is 5 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 03 mg per kilogram body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is to be used in the affected areas . the ointment should be applied twice a day for up to 24 weeks . if you use more mirvaso than you should wash the extra patch with mild soap and water . when any skin reaction has applied you may then continue with your treatment . if you forget to use aldara cream if you miss a dose , apply cream as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . mvasi is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) or under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and how often you will need to receive mvasi . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and how often you will need to receive infusions . use in children and adolescents surgery can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with surgery surgery , you should continue with this while you are taking surgery . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with tecartus will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hereditary angioedema . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will decide how much tecartus you will use and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of your body . your doctor will decide how much tecartus you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 3 mg / kg body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long . when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests . the maximum recommended dose is 30 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long . when to check your blood sugar level , and how you need to carry out urine . it is important that you keep using the other medicines ( s ) as your doctor tells you . if you are not sure about how much of paracetamol to use , talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you think that the effect of medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use your doctor will decide how much tecartus you will use and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take them . use in children and adolescents paracetamol can be used in adolescents and children aged 3 years and above . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight and the size of your body . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your body . your doctor will decide how much paracetamol you need and for how long . when to check your blood sugar level , and how you need to carry out urine . it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is paracetamol ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . if you are given too much paracetamol as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 units tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take too many tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to use the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can use it with or without food . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to use the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you are sick ( 65 years or over ) your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half a glass of skin each day . you should use this medicine every day , preferably at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can build them in a glass of still water or apple juice : put the pen at the same time every day . do not shake or mix it before use . always use a new pen if you notice that your blood sugar control is unexpectedly getting worse . if you think you may have a problem with your kidneys , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you take more tandemact than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could hypoglycaemia below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar hyperglycaemia , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to use tandemact - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 15 mg three times a day ( taken 8 to 8 hours apart ) taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 8 years to 8 years , the recommended starting dose is 15 mg ( 1 capsule of 8 mg ) twice a day for 8 weeks followed by 8 weeks without taking 15 mg in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 mg
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day . take the capsule at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine together with other medicine ( s ) to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . remember to take other medicine ( s ) as your doctor has told you . this will help get the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your diabetes , you still need to follow the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking orkambi . if you take more orkambi than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 6 capsules ( 400 mg ) once a day for 6 weeks . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more lynparza than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help to keep you to remember to use it . how much to use the recommended dose is one capsule twice a day in the morning and once in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use this medicine every day until your doctor tells you to stop . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help to keep you to remember to use the medicine . how much to use the recommended dose is 1 drop twice a day by mouth each day . try to take the medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor based on your condition . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . if your doctor told you to use a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . if you use more nyxoid than you should rinse your extra dose with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you accidentally swallow the ointment on the same day each day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis the ointment should be used as advised by your doctor . do not stop your treatment without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with body weight . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of ovaleap and will tell you how often to use it . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of this medicine and how frequently you should use it and will tell you how often to use it . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of this medicine and how frequently you should use it to get the necessary level of blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of this medicine and how frequently you should use it to get the necessary level of blood . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of ovaleap . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of ovaleap . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of this medicine to make sure that you have the right dose . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of ovaleap . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have adequate levels of blood cells in your blood . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that it is working for you . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of this medicine to make sure that you have the right dose . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of this medicine to make sure that you have the right dose . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how your body responds to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how your body responds to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how your body responds to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how your body responds to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how your body responds to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of tablets ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take voriconazole lilly with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you are given more voriconazole lipomed than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you take more than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take voriconazole lipomed if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking olumiant do not stop taking your tablets unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mvabea will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular injection ) in the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine will never be given into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route ) in the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route ) in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . bondronat is given as an infusion into a vein . this is usually done as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this will take about 15 minutes . your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine into one of your vein ( a drip ) into a vein . this will take about 15 minutes . your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine into one of your vein . the medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this will take about 15 minutes . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 15 mg once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 14 times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 6 - 14 days as directed by your doctor based on your response to treatment . the table below shows the total daily dose in infants and adolescents aged 6 to 14 years is 14 , 000 mg each day . based on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 6 mg / kg body weight as a higher treatment schedule the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 5 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . heart transplant adults the first dose is given within 6 days of the transplant operation . the daily dose is 6 capsules ( 8 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 6 separate doses . this means taking 6 capsules in the morning then 8 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of this medicine and see section 4 " how to take this medicine - swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of water and drink it . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of water and drink it . if you take more piqray than you should if you take more piqray than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take piqray if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember and then continue to take your tablets at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one vial each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 36 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 24 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 36 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to use use elebrato ellipta at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can use this medicine any time before or after food or drink . if you are not sure how much of this medicine to use , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 600 mg given once a week for 5 days . this dose is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of about 60 minutes . if you are given more zinforo than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is unlikely that you will be given too much or too little . if you are concerned that you may have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you miss a dose of slenyto it is very important for you to keep all your appointments to receive it . if you miss an appointment , ask your doctor when to schedule your next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 600 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 600 mg dose week 1 one 600 mg tablet week in_the_evening one and a half 600 mg tablet week 65 and beyond two 150 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a 150 mg tablet once a day ( 1x 600 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 600 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 600 mg ) in the second week and to 1 and a half tablet once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 600 mg once a day ( 1x 600 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired 65 years of age and weighing more than 65 years of age : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of 150 mg for each kg . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of 600 mg , followed by 600 mg two weeks later . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 50 mg tablet by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you take more xadago than you should if you accidentally take this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken by mouth once daily . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose as adults . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking zytiga unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults , adolescents and children who weigh at least 1,000 : the usual starting dose is either 2 . 2 mg twice a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 2 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 2 - 2 weeks as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 2 . 3 patients with kidney disease if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 2 tablets prednisolone once a day . in severe kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet prednisolone 0 . 088 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 1,000 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 088 this will be increased every 2 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 2 tablets 1,000 0 . 088 mg total daily dose (
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis : the usual dose is 20 mg given twice a week or 30 mg given once a week . for psoriasis in patients from the age of 87 years and the usual dose is 20 mg given once a week or 30 mg given once a week . for psoriasis in patients from the age of 87 years and the usual dose is 30 mg given once a week or 30 mg given once a week . for psoriasis in patients from the age of 87 years and the usual dose is 20 mg given once a week or 30 mg given once a week . for psoriasis in patients from the age of 87 years and the usual dose is 20 mg given once a week . for psoriasis in patients from the age of 87 years and the usual dose is 87 micrograms for each kilogram of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 87 mg once a week . the_dose_frequency is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . it is important that you inject this medicine every day , as instructed by your doctor . this medicine is intended for subcutaneous use . this medicine is for subcutaneous use only . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you use more methotrexate than you should if you use more methotrexate than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to inject methotrexate if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking this medicine your doctor will tell you how long you need to be treated with livogiva . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much the_initial_treatment you need and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of your medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much the_initial_treatment you need and for how long . the recommended dose is one capsule twice a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 4 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 4 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 4 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 4 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to 4 mg / kg twice a day depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of this medicine that you will take varies depending on your condition . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine_teva is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 8 mg once a day ( taken as 8 capsules in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one 20 mg tablet once daily . if necessary your doctor may tell you to take a different dose . if you have the impression that the effect of kinzalmono is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take incresync if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much afstyla you will use and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of your eye . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you will use and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of your eye . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you will use and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will decide how much medicine you will use and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are given more afstyla than you should this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given too much , tell your doctor or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
how much praxbind is given the amount of this medicine you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need and how often this medicine is given . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you will receive and how often this medicine is given . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma the recommended starting dose is praxbind is 5 micrograms of this medicine once a day . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 28 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 28 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 28 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 28 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 28 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 28 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 28 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 28 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 28 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the number of tablets following your doctor ' s instructions . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . you can take cialis with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take cialis . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water , or dizziness . do not crush or chew the tablets . if you take more cialis than you should if you take too much tablets , your blood sugar level may become too low . check your blood sugar and eat more food to reduce the risk of developing blood clots . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or split the tablet . if you take more enyglid than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a day ( one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ) once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you will need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you will need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how azacitidine_mylan is given azacitidine_mylan is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to give your next dose . kyntheum is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to inject the patch . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to give your next dose . kyntheum is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to give your next dose . how to use the patch read the " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you use more patch than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject your next dose as soon as you can . never , inject your next dose at the usual time the next day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using kyntheum you should not stop using kyntheum without speaking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 15 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the body . the recommended dose is 15 drop ( 5 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for children and adolescents ( 6 to 15 years ) weighing 15 kg or more : the usual starting dose is 15 mg three times a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of duotrav is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum dose is 15 mg per day . however , your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg per day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your size ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose of this medicine is 1 . 1 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of administration depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 1 . 1 mg / kg body weight administered orally on days 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 17 , 17 , and 17 . this is followed by a maintenance dose of 1 . 5 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may increase the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of thrombocytopenia , sores in the mouth , feeling of the thrombocytopenia or thrombocytopenia , thrombocytopenia and thrombocytopenia . in particular , your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you should use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new ulunar breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more elebrato breezhaler than you should if you inhale too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use elebrato breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using atectura breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or hand once a day in the evening . after hand , the recommended dose is one capsule in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many capsules of adasuve to give to your child . the maximum dose is one drop in the affected eye or hand once a day in the evening . if your doctor told you to stop using this medicine the dose is 2 sprays in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take this medicine as your doctor has instructed you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or hand once a day in the evening . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . the maximum dose is one drop in the affected eye or hand once a day in the evening . if your doctor told you to stop using this medicine your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the size of your kidney problem . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 6 mg once a day ( one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ) once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you will need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you will need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . how azacitidine_betapharm is given azacitidine_betapharm is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to give your next dose . kyntheum is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to give your next dose . kyntheum is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to give your next dose . kyntheum is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to give the next dose . kyntheum is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . you or someone else should inject the next patch at the right time every day . if you miss a dose of tummy , inject the next dose as soon as possible . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you have received an extra dose of tummy , inject the next dose as soon as you can . your doctor will give you an injection . your doctor will also give you a local anaesthetic to reduce the risk of side effects . if you
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . after finger , the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablets with a glass of water . only wash your thumb or eyelid the tip of your thumb with your finger . swallow the tip of your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your thumb at the bottom of your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the tip of the tip of the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s bone marrow into your thumb or your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the tip of the cap into your thumb and close your thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s bone marrow into your thumb or your child ' s
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid accord is given the usual single dose given is 1 mg . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid teva is given - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid teva every three to four weeks . if you have kidney disease , your doctor may reduce the dose of your medicine , depending on how you respond to the treatment . patients with kidney disease if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine if your kidney function is reduced . if you are given more zoledronic acid teva than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because you may develop serum electrolyte abnormalities ( e . g . abnormal levels of calcium , phosphorus and magnesium ) and / or changes in kidney function , including severe kidney impairment . if your level of calcium falls too low , you may have to be given supplemental calcium by infusion .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg film - coated tablet once daily . swallow the film - coated tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take varuby . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take this medicine . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more this medicine than you should if you accidently take more of this medicine than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for enerzair_breezhaler days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you take more atectura breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take ulunar breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using atectura breezhaler do not stop using atectura breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may increase if you stop using this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 28x1 tablets pack size , you can check the day on which you last took the tablet by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel acino pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure about how to take the medicine . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . if you take more delstrigo than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take doravirine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember on that day . take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose on the next day to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking doravirine stopping your treatment with entresto may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your tablets unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 1 capsule ( 2 mg ) once a day for 2 weeks , followed by 30 mg ( 2 capsules of 30 mg in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening ). your doctor will regularly check if the treatment is working for you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take spravato swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more spravato than you should if you have taken more nevirapine teva than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . side effects described in section 4 below . if you forget to take nevirapine teva do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take the next dose at the scheduled time and continue as normal . if you stop taking nevirapine teva do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 8 capsules taken twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may change the dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is 8 capsules 8 times a day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 8 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this_medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). your doctor will tell you how much this medicine to take . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take this medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and over the usual starting dose is one capsule ( 14 mg ) twice a day for 14 days . this means you will take a 28 - day break , even during the first 14 days of the day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over this_medicine years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you are aged 14 to 14 years of age , or for 28 days . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , contact your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of this medicine . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the ointment at about the same time each day . this helps to be done by your doctor . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the ointment at around the same time each day . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently squeeze one drop of the medicine onto your nose . press the bottle firmly firmly into the corner of your fingers and your fingers . the drop will go in here ( picture 2 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . use the mirror if it helps . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial ( injection into your tissue ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of chemotherapy at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . do not shake or inject this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure how much of this medicine to inject , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you use more this medicine than you should if you use more medicine than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use this medicine if you are self - administering this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at its usual time . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten injection . if you stop using tesavel do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule , twice a day . take the tablets at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your child ' s doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue the diet recommended by your doctor . do not exceed the recommended dose . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . if you take more this medicine than you should if you accidentally take too many capsules , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject your doctor will decide how much emgality you will use and how often you should use it depends on how much you weigh . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to inject yourself . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much emgality you need and for how long each day . if you have not been given more emgality than you should your doctor or nurse will decide how much emgality you need and for how long each day . your doctor or nurse will check you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with ovitrelle , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject as soon as you have mixed them . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe , as you were taught . do not inject directly into a your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection . inject the solution by pushing gently on the plunger . inject under the syringe
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of this medicine depends on your body weight . the usual dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . this medicine is given as an veins ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this medicine will only be given by a nurse or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for drip . this medicine will only be given by a healthcare professional . it is given as a drip into a veins ( intravenous infusion ) over several hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
your treatment with daklinza will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day in the morning and one in the evening . it is important to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 49 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long your treatment will last . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 capsules twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may tell you to take it with other medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more quinsair than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the dose will be injected into the blood_vessel of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the injected in the upper arm will also be injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how much proquad you need and for how long . the use of proquad in your upper arm will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with thigh . always use this product exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 05 micrograms ( one vial ) once a day . your doctor will decide how much proquad you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 0 . 03 micrograms for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much proquad you need and for how long each day .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with rheumatoid_arthritis should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with rheumatoid_arthritis should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with rheumatoid_arthritis should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with rheumatoid_arthritis should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with rheumatoid_arthritis should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with rheumatoid_arthritis should be started by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with rheumatoid_arthritis should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of jylamvo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1 year of age ), you should take the dose as soon as you need it . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of jylamvo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1 year of age ), you should give the dose as soon as
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you can use this medicine if you are aged 24 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more elebrato breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use elebrato breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will decide how much the_initial_treatment you will receive and how often you will be given it . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much the_initial_treatment you will receive and how often you will receive it depending on your condition . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 4 ). how much to use your doctor will decide how much the_initial_treatment you will receive and how often you will be given it . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much the_initial_treatment you will receive and how often you will receive it depending on your condition . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take . how much to use your doctor will decide how much the_initial_treatment you will receive and how often you will receive it depending on your condition . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 2 ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of topotecan you are given will be worked out by your doctor , based on : your age and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose of topotecan is 1 . 5 mg / m2 of body surface area taken once a day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of telmisartan teva every three to four weeks . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration topotecan should be administered orally ( into the arm ) as an infusion lasting about 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take a tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine regularly at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , consult a doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take rivastigmine actavis if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is for use in adults aged 12 years and over . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet once a day for 12 days . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take cuprior if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember and then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking arikayce liposomal this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of this medicine is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed accord powder with 3 mg / ml ( 0 . 4 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed sandoz by every other day as directed by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience in section 4 . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of patients with experience in treating patients . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take tegsedi , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more tegsedi than you should if you accidentally use more cream than you should , rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use tegsedi continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using tegsedi do not stop using tegsedi without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 20 mg ) in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of this medicine and ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much reblozyl you need and for how long . the usual starting dose is 3 million iu ( iu ) twice a day . your doctor will decide how much reblozyl you need and for how long . the maximum dose is based on your body weight . the usual starting dose is 0 . 05 mg per kg body weight twice a week . your doctor will decide how much reblozyl you need and for how long . the maximum dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the " instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more cegfila than you should if you use more cegfila than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use cegfila if you have forgotten a dose of cegfila , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much capsules to take the recommended dose is one capsule twice a day . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . do not open the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsule until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed whole with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should not be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - do not open the capsules . - capsules capsules capsules in the capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed whole with the capsules capsules . - do not open the capsules . - capsules capsules capsules in the capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed whole with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed whole with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed whole with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed whole with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use them . - the capsules capsules should be swallowed with the capsules capsules . - the capsules capsules should remain in the capsules until you need to use the capsules .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more this medicine than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of hepatitis_b_infection . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking galvus do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one unusual_movements tablet of zyprexa ratiopharm per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of zyprexa accord is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over epilepsy of age ), you should take zyprexa zentiva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa accord do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop treatment , first talk to your doctor , as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer prolia to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . the maximum dose is 6 mg per day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of prolia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of prolia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . the maximum recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have the impression that the effect of prolia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ambirix is given as an injection into your muscle ( deltoid administration ). the vaccine should never be given into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . the vaccine will never be given into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein by your doctor or nurse . the injection will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the arm ( upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a 2_months ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel . adults from the age of 11 years : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be given . a second dose of the vaccine should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . children aged 6 months to 11 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be given . a second dose of the vaccine should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . children aged 6 months to 11 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be given . a second dose of the vaccine should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . children aged 6 months to 11 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be given at least one month apart . children aged 6 months to 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be given at least one month apart . children aged 6 months to 12 years of age : one dose of 10 ml will be given at a dose of 24 months after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 6 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . it is recommended that individuals who receive the first dose of injections . children aged 6 months to 12 years of age : one dose of 10 ml will be given at a dose of 24 months after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 6 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . it is recommended that individuals who receive the first dose of injections . children aged 6 months to 12 years of age : one dose of 10 ml will be given at a dose of 24 months after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 6 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . it is recommended that individuals who receive the first dose of injections . children aged 6 months to 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml is given at least one month after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 6 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . it is recommended that individuals who receive the first dose of injections . children aged 6 months to 12 years of age : one dose of 10 ml will be given at a dose of 24 months after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 6 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . it is recommended that individuals who receive the first dose of injections . children aged 6 months to 12 years of age : one dose of 10 ml will be given at a dose of 24 months after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 6 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . it is recommended that individuals who receive the first dose of injections . children aged 6 months to 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be given at least one month apart . children aged 6 months to 12 years of age : one dose of 10 ml will be given at a dose of 24 months after the first dose and the third dose should be administered at least 6 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period . please speak to your doctor for more information . it is recommended that individuals who receive the first dose of injections . children aged 6 months to 12 years of age : one dose of
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of capsules within 1 week 1 week 1 week 1 week 1 week 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration docetaxel accord is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel mylan is for intravenous use only . method and route of administration docetaxel mylan must be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and duration of infusion depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg film - coated tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 200 mg three times a day ( a total of 100 mg per day ). your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 14 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 14 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment if your blood sugar is not controlled controlled . if necessary , your doctor may increase your dose of this medicine based on your blood sugar level . if you are given more ecalta than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event that you are given this medicine , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . this medicine is only for you by a doctor or nurse . it is unlikely that you will be given this medicine by your doctor or nurse . if you are given too much this medicine , this medicine will be given to you under medical supervision , it is therefore unlikely that you will be given too much . if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with adynovi will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much helixate nexgen you should use and how often you should use it depends on how much the patient weighs and the factor viii levels to be changed . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of laboratory in international units or iu . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of laboratory in international units or iu . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will depend on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding ( prophylaxis ), your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of laboratory in international units or iu . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of laboratory in international units or iu . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of laboratory in international units or iu . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of laboratory in international units or iu . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of laboratory in international units or iu . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of laboratory in international units or iu . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of human bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . how often you should use your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of factor viii activity in your blood . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and children of all ages . if a dose of semglee is missed , your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels in your blood . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and children of all ages . if a dose of semglee is missed , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of laboratory in international units or iu . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of laboratory in international units or iu . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of human bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in adolescents and children of
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . rekovelle is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous use ). the recommended dose is 250 iu per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 03 ml per kg of body weight ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have prescribed the correct dose of rekovelle for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose and frequency of treatment depending on your blood tests , your general condition and on how you respond to treatment during treatment with treatment . your doctor will continue to check your blood regularly . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . method of administration treatment and frequency of treatment your doctor will tell you how much filgrastim hexal you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood sugar level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of this medicine . your doctor will regularly check if the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much rekovelle you will use and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much rekovelle you should take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will usually test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to use rekovelle is intended for use under the supervision of a doctor or nurse . it is important that you use the correct syringe as instructed by your doctor or nurse . ensure that you only inject the amount of liquid as instructed by your doctor or nurse . only use a syringe to remove the solution from the vial . do not use if the solution is clear , colourless and waterlike . do not use the solution if the solution is clear , colourless and has no visible particles in it . do not shake or mix it before use . always use a new syringe if you notice that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant than you should tell your doctor or healthcare professional as soon as possible . if you forget to use ucedane do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of asthma . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of revinty_ellipta is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 22 micrograms per day . however , your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of asthma . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of asthma . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of asthma . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 22 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 22 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 22 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . if you use more revinty_ellipta than you should if you use more ellipta than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use benepali do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you stop using bretaris genuair this medicine is for long - term use . if you want to stop using airexar spiromax , symptoms of this medicine may come back . talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of atripla is one 1 mg film - coated tablet once daily . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will decide whether to increase your dose to 4 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately . if possible , take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will decide your dose of this medicine and how often you should use it . this medicine is for subcutaneous use only . this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . do not inject this medicine until your doctor has told you to . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . use it for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you use more this medicine than you should if you are injecting this medicine , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use this medicine if you are self - administering this medicine , please consult your doctor . do not change the dose yourself . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 250 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for example you will usually receive your first dose of blitzima at least 4 hours after your chemotherapy and at approximately 2_or_3_months . this chemotherapy is for oral use . swallow the capsule whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more pantoloc control than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide hexal than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . if you forget to take temozolomide hexal take your next dose as soon as you remember and then continue as before . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine directly by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much medicine you will be given and how often . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight given once every 4 weeks . the first dose will be given within 8 hours . your doctor will decide how many cycles ( cycles ) and how often you will be given this medicine . this is based on your body weight and height . the recommended dose is 2 mg / kg body weight given once every 8 weeks . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not able to tolerate a stem cell professional , you will be given 2 cycles of 8 cycles . each cycle consists of 8 cycles ( 8 weeks ). you will receive 8 cycles ( 12 weeks ). each cycle lasts 12 weeks for the first 12 hours ( loading - f ), this will be given by a drip ( infusion ) into a 2 - day cycle , and will be given to you through a nurse ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 30 to 8 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . inhale your inhaler at the same time each day will help you remember to take it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale atectura breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the inhaler with the inhaler provided in this pack ( see ' inhaler inhaler ). the inhaler should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use your inhaler . if you use more airexar spiromax than you should if you have inhaled too much inhaler , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take airexar spiromax if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time . - do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using airexar spiromax do not stop using airexar spiromax unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( 1 tablet of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel hexal if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . you should not take tadalafil bms more than once a day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the amount of this medicine you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 vials ( 3 vials of 3 mg ) or 3 vials ( 3 vials of 3 mg / kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted from your doctor based on your body weight . how fetcroja is given this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over 2 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . this medicine should only be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over 2 hours . this medicine is for single use . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 2 hours . this medicine should not be mixed with other infusion solutions . if you are given more medicine than you should this medicine will be given to you by your doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer injections will supervise your depocyte therapy . depocyte is administered as an injections into a the_medicinal_product ( intravenous administration ). the recommended dose is 0 . 6 ml per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 6 ml / kg / min / min ). your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . the usual dose is 0 . 6 ml per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 6 ml / kg / min ). your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . the maximum dose is 1 . 8 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 8 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will decide how many capsules you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 1 . 8 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 6 ml / kg / min ). your doctor will decide how long you will need to use the podhaler device . the maximum recommended daily dose is 1 . 6 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 8 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . if you have the impression that the effect of zonisamide mylan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for bemrist_breezhaler days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for bemrist_breezhaler days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over several years of age ), you should use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different inhaler for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for bemrist_breezhaler days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over several years of age ), you should use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different inhaler for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ulunar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for bemrist_breezhaler days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over several years of age ), you should use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to take it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - ulunar breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation capsules . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to take seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using atectura breezhaler do not stop using atectura breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may increase if you stop the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . swallow the tablet with some water . you can take this medicine with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more exforge than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , consult a doctor or go to a hospital emergency department immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take controloc control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your next , normal dose , the next day , at your usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your body weight and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor . the dose for adults is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and will be calculated by your doctor . the dose for adults is calculated by body weight and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 mg / kg body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 mg / kg body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 mg / kg body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 mg / kg body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 mg / kg body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 mg / kg body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 mg / kg body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 2 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of your treatment is determined by your doctor according to your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 2 mg / kg body weight . the second dose will be given on day once . the second dose will be given on day once . the second dose is given on day once a day for once a day on days once a day for once a day for once a week for up to once . your doctor will decide on the most appropriate dose based on your weight and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor . during the first week your doctor will decide on the best dose for you . during the first week your doctor will decide how long you need to take once a day for at least once . if you have not been vaccinated before for the second dose , your doctor will decide how long you will need to take once a day for at least once . if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma you will receive once a day for once a week for once a week for once a week for once a week for once a week for up to once . your doctor will regularly check how the medicine is working for you . your doctor will decide on the most appropriate dose based on your weight and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor . if you have not been treated before for the first dose , your doctor will decide how long you will need to take once a day for at least once . if you have not been vaccinated before for the second dose , your doctor will decide how long you will need to take once a day for at least once . if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma you will receive once a day for once a week for up to once . if you have not been vaccinated before for the second dose , your doctor will decide how long you will need to take once a day for at least once . if you have not been vaccinated before for the second dose , your doctor will decide how long you will need to take once a day for at least once . if you have not been vaccinated before for the second dose , your doctor will decide how long you will need to take once a day for at least once . if you have not been vaccinated before for the second dose , your doctor will decide how long you will need to take once a day for at least once . if you have not been vaccinated before for the first time , your doctor will give you a second dose of once
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the medicine at around the same time each day . do not touch your eye with the dropper tip unless your doctor tells you to . if you use more macugen than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more tegsedi than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this chemotherapy . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given radiotherapy as a vein ( intra - venous vein ). radiotherapy is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the infusion . / or if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having chemotherapy radiotherapy will be given to you on the same day as your chemotherapy . this is usually given every three weeks up to three times . if you respond well to chemotherapy , you may be given radiotherapy as a maintenance treatment . this will be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will work out your exact dose based on how you respond to radiotherapy . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is radiotherapy ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . duration of treatment continue to take cinacalcet_accordpharma as long as it is of benefit to you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more cinacalcet_accordpharma than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take duavive if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of individual_tablets . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take individual_tablets . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take it . if necessary , your doctor may also give you the crushed individual_tablets tablet through a stomach tube . if you take more individual_tablets than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take noxafil if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 12 mg twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 12 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you take more ranitidine than you should if you take too many tablets by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take ranitidine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking ranitidine do not stop taking darunavir mylan unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1000 mg ( 2 tablets of 8 mg ) twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 8 capsules ( 300 mg ). you can take the tablets at any time of the day , with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . - if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : - take one tablet in the morning and then 8 tablets in the evening . - if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : - take one tablet in the morning and then 8 tablets in the evening .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel actavis for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel bgr than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then then take the next dose at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet once a day . - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 400 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much to take adults , adolescents and children who weigh at least 400 kg the usual dose of 400 mg is one vein in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 10 mg in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of 400 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor in order to find out whether your dose needs to be changed . the dose that you will be given will depend on your weight and the results of your blood tests . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of 400 mg is one vein in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 10 mg in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of 400 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are an elderly patient ( over 10 years of age ), you should take 10 tablets of 10 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much to take adults , adolescents and children who weigh at least 400 kg the usual dose of 400 mg is one vein in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 10 mg in the morning and 5 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of 400 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are an elderly patient ( over 10 years of age ), you should take 10 tablets of 10 mg in the morning and 5 tablets of 10 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of 10 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of 10 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are an elderly patient ( over 10 years of age ), you should take 10 tablets of 10 mg in the morning and 5 tablets of 10 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic heart failure the usual recommended starting dose is one tablet of 10 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of 10 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are following a special diet for heart_rate , you should continue with this while you are taking arteries . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . it is important to continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of heart_rate is too strong or too weak , talk
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 50 mg once a day ( taken as 50 mg or 50 mg ) in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 100 mg . if you have the impression that the effect of viagra is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take adults and adolescents ( from 50 years of age ): general dose : between 100 mg and 100 mg each day . when you will first start taking 100 mg or more , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 100 mg . the table below shows how much to take adults and adolescents ( 12 to 50 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 50 mg and 50 mg each day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to 100 mg . if you have the impression that the effect of viagra is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of viagra to take . if you are being treated for 50 kg or more , the starting dose is 50 mg to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to 100 mg . if you have the impression that the effect of viagra is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of viagra to take . if you are being treated for 50 kg or more : the starting dose is 50 mg to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to 100 mg . if you have the impression that the effect of viagra is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more 100 mg than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take 100 mg if you forget to take a dose of 100 mg , take it as soon as you remember . then take the next dose as you would have on your originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if you stop taking 100 mg the decision to stop using amsparity should be discussed with your doctor . your child
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . you may find it easier to take it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . you may find it easier to take it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . you may find it easier to take it at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can take it with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take pramipexole teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for depression and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual dose of pramipexole teva for most patients is one tablet each day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for depression and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual dose of pramipexole teva for most patients is one tablet each day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have severe kidney problems this medicine should not be used . elderly your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more tablets than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , you may experience the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , depression , sweating , muscle pain , pain , pain , pain , sweating or sweating . if you forget to take reagila if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking libertek if you stop taking this medicine your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of emadine to give to your child . the recommended dose is 2 drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children , adolescents and adults from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age weighing 3 kg to less than 10 kg the doctor will decide the most appropriate dose based on body weight and height . the maximum single dose in children must not exceed 1 drop in the morning and 3 in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not open , open or chew the bottle . if you use more glivec than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of levetiracetam_actavis to take . 50 mg daily dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking levetiracetam_actavis , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 250 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 17 months ), children ( 6 to 17 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of matever according to the age , weight and dose . in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of 250 mg to give to your child . the amount of lamivudine teva given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents must not exceed 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is two tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is two tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is two tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is two tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is two tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is two tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is two tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use incruse_ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of feel_better . if you are not sure how much of this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of xoterna breezhaler to use . - this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you use elebrato ellipta every day even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you use more anoro ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and continue as usual . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta this medicine is for long - term use . if you want to use this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg injection once a day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 , 600 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . however , if you are being treated for parathyroid arthritis your doctor will decide the dose that is best for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . however , if you experience attacks side effects , your doctor may increase your dose of this medicine based on your response to treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . lenalidomide is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . you can take lenalidomide with or without food . do not break or crush the capsules . you can take lenalidomide with or without food . do not break or crush the capsules . if you take more lenalidomide than you should if you take more lenalidomide than you were told to , tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may get side effects described in section 4 below . if you forget to take lenalidomide if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lenalidomide do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of asthma . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is very important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are unable to swallow the capsules , you can open them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice ( e . g . in children ). if you take more slenyto than you should if you accidentally take more capsules than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of zerene is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple sauce ( i . g . in children ). if you take more zerene than you should if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of piqray you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take piqray if you forget to take your tablet at the usual time , take it as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
