your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above - mentioned indications . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to determine how long ribavirin mylan needs to be given and whether any change is needed to your daily dose . the maximum recommended daily dose is 4 mg per day . your doctor will decide whether to increase your dose to 6 mg once a day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 6 mg / kg body weight twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more medicine than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take duavive if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking duavive do not stop taking your tablets unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer zinbryta as an injections by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will inject the vaccine into a skin in your thigh or back to a local anaesthetic . your doctor will decide how much zinbryta you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 150 mg given as one injections of injections under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much injections depending on your child ' s body weight and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to give your injections . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to give your patch and how to give your next dose . it is important that you make sure that you receive the first dose of kyntheum at the same time each day . it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor or nurse regarding return visits . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 50 mg once a day ( taken as 25 mg in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening ). if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 25 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 50 mg to be taken as 25 mg once a day . if you weigh 50 kg or more , your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 50 mg to be taken as 25 mg once a day . your doctor may increase the dose to 25 mg , to be taken as 25 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to 25 mg . if you have the impression that the effect of wilzin is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can crush them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice : put the tablet whole with water . do not crush or dissolve the tablets . if you take more wilzin than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take 50 mg if you have forgotten to take your dose of 50 mg , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking amsparity the decision to stop using amsparity should be discussed with your child ' s doctor . your child ' s doctor may increase the dose gradually to 25 mg every week . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more the_medicine than you should if you take more than the prescribed dose of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine you must not stop taking this medicine unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablet whole with some water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 30 mg each day . if you have the impression that the effect of novonorm is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with water . swallow the tablets whole with water . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more novonorm than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 3 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml vaccine will be given into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper muscle . children from 3 years of age and older : one dose of 0 . 5 ml vaccine will be given into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper muscle . children from 3 years of age and older : one dose of vaccine will be given into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper muscle . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from the age of 3 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the amount of medicine that you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended daily dose is 200 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum recommended daily dose is 100 mg per megabecquerel of body weight per day . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum recommended daily dose is 100 mg per day . however , if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 100 mg per day . however , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are taking . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg per day . however , if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 100 mg per day . however , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the table below shows the dose is either : 100 mg daily taken as one dose in the morning and two tablets in the evening . in some cases , your child ' s doctor will determine the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 100 mg per day . however , the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s weight . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg per day . however , if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 100 mg per day . however , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of 100 mg to give to your child . the amount of medicine that you will need to take will depend on your child ' s body weight and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 100 mg with megabecquerel and 200 mg of megabecquerel . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum recommended daily dose is 100 mg per day . however , your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . somakit_toc is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take the tablets with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . if you cannot swallow the tablets , you can crush them in a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . if you take more somakit_toc than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take megabecquerel if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken as 10 mg ) in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more afinitor than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine cipla tablets to take and how long you should continue to use them . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine cipla tablets to take and how long you should continue to use them . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should not use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_symptoms . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly or your asthma symptoms , your doctor may prescribe a different dose . you should not use this medicine until your doctor tells you to . if your symptoms do not improve if your asthma is not getting better or if it gets worse after you have started using elebrato ellipta , talk to your doctor . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky or have a headache . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become breathless or more , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). you or your child should receive at least 8 months after the last dose of tremfya . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks between doses . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks between the first and second dose . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 8 months between each dose . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks between the first and second dose . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 8 months between each dose . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks between the first and second dose . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 8 months between doses . if you or your child are not able to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice .
always take trepulmix exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of trepulmix is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take trepulmix with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take trepulmix every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 5 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva pharma b . v . ( if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 5 years of age ), you should take trepulmix normally except if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 5 years of age ), you should take two tablets on the same day . you should take your tablet with a glass of water . if you take more trepulmix than you should if you take more tablets than you should , tell your doctor . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should immediately contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box of tablets with you . you may be at increased risk of cteph . if you forget to take kidney function if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of yentreve , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten tablet . if you stop taking kidney function if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine should only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of this medicine . your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 30 mg per kilogram of body weight each day . your doctor will decide how much ipilimumab you need and for how long . the dose you will receive is calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight given once every 2 weeks . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive ipilimumab intravenously or subcutaneously together with 9 mg of ipilimumab ( 9 mg / kg / min ). your doctor will decide how much ipilimumab you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with glucose in combination with glucose , the recommended dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg per day . however , your dose may be adjusted , depending upon your response . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much nivolumab you will need and how often you should use it for . how much to use your doctor will decide how much ipilimumab you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with glucose in combination with glucose , the recommended dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg per day . however , your dose may be adjusted , depending upon your response . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much nivolumab you will need and how often you should use it for . how much to use your doctor will decide how much ipilimumab you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with glucose in combination with glucose , the recommended dose of ipilimumab is 50 mg per day . however , your dose may be adjusted , depending upon your response . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . use in children and adolescents nivolumab accord can be used in adolescents and children aged 9 years and above . the dose given will depend on how much the patient weighs and the medicines that are used . the recommended dose is 50 mg / kg body weight given once every 3 weeks . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive ipilimumab intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines glucose , glucose , glucose , glucose , glucose , glucose , glucose , glucose , or ipilimumab . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it . use in children and adolescents nivolumab accord is for use in children aged 9 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will decide how much opdivo you need and for how long each day . if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma you will receive ipilimumab intravenously or subcutaneously together with the medicines glucose , glucose , glucose , glucose , glucose , glucose , glucose , or ipilimumab . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to take ipilimumab . use in children and adolescents nivolumab accord is for use in children aged 9 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . how much to use the amount of this medicine depends on your body weight . the usual dose for adults and adolescents is 50 mg given in each infusion by subcutaneous injection once every 3 weeks . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with the other medicines used in combination with glucose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 32 , 32 , 32 , 32 and 32 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of clopidogrel 1a by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose of tacforius is one 0 . 5 mg per day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will then adjust the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . your doctor will usually increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to take filgrastim teva pharma . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to take filgrastim teva pharma . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to take filgrastim teva pharma . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you will need to take filgrastim teva pharma . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of 75 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you are
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . yttriga will only be used in special controlled areas . this product will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of the product to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to achieve the desired information . the number of powder that you receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum daily dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum daily dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum daily dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will continue to monitor your response to the treatment . your doctor will monitor your response to the treatment .
the dose of this medicine is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 9 milligram of pemetrexed sandoz twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of your anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . the vaccine will be given as an injection into a the_vaccine ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper part of your deltoid_muscle ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) upper shoulder ( shoulder ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ), thigh , upper shoulder or upper deltoid_muscle , upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper deltoid_muscle , shoulder , upper deltoid_muscle , upper deltoid_muscle , thigh , upper deltoid_muscle , upper deltoid_muscle , thigh , upper deltoid_muscle , upper deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , shoulder , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh , deltoid_muscle , deltoid_muscle , thigh
how much is given your doctor will work out how much remicade you need and how often you will be given the medicine . how much to use your doctor will work out how much remicade you will be given depending on your illness and weight . your doctor will decide how much remicade you need and how often you will be given zessly . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much remicade you need and how often you will be given zessly . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much remicade you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 2 mg for every kilogram of body weight . how remicade is given this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a veins . this will usually be in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 1 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 1 week ( up to 23 days ). the recommended daily dose is 1 mg per day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 mg once a day ( 1 mg 1 day in the morning and 1 capsule in the evening ). if you are being treated for 23 years old or primary the usual starting dose is 1 mg of 1 mg in the morning and 1 capsule of 1 mg in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . method and method of administration swallow the capsules whole with food . do not chew , crush or split the capsules . 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking ongentys without your doctor ' s advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger twice a day in the evening using the back of your eye each day . after 2 to five weeks : the recommended dose is one drop in the affected back , once a day in the evening . after 2 to five weeks : the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . after 2 to five weeks : the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or back , once a day in the evening . afterwards in regular blood pressure , the usual dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . use in adults your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . use in adults your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . use in adults your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in adults your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in adults your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in adults your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . do not use more than your doctor told you to . if you use more tegsedi than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your treatment with dzuveo will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of collapse or systemic sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 720 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take more or less than once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more nexium control than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the recommended dose . you may experience side effects described in section 4 . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking duavive if you stop taking this medicine you will lose the effects of the medicine . you should not stop taking this medicine unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 60 mg three times daily taken in two equal doses . take this medicine once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe other medicines to help control side effects . you may need to take the other medicines for parkinson ' s disease or other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma . when to take this medicine take this medicine once a day at the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . your doctor may prescribe other medicines to help control your side effects . you may need to take the other medicines for the first seven days of this medicine ( see section " other side side effects " in section 4 ). if you take more other_medicines than you should if you have taken more nevirapine teva than you should , talk to your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take nevirapine teva if you forget to take your medicine at any time , take it as soon as you remember . if it is nearly the time for your next dose , just skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking enzepi do not stop taking nevirapine teva unless your doctor tells you to . if you stop your treatment you may increase the chance of side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more lutathera than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further question on the use of this medicine , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or 3 times a day in the evening . method of administration azopt is for oral use . you should swallow the ointment whole with a large glass of water . do not touch your eye with the dropper unless the doctor treating you do not put it anymore . wash your hands after applying this medicine , unless the doctor treating you to do so . your doctor or pharmacist will show you how to use the eye drops . do not use more than your doctor has told you to . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop using this medicine without first speaking to your doctor . if you use more pecfent than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis do not stop using leganto without first speaking to your doctor . if you stop using rhokiinsa your uric allergy may come back .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of forxiga is one 5 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue the diet recommended by your doctor during treatment with this medicine . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . you can take this medicine with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more qtern than you should if you take more qtern than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop using this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take mepact exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration mepact is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take mepact . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take it . for example , if you are unable to swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . your doctor or nurse will show you how to switch from the previous treatment to 36 . if you take more yentreve than you should if you take more yentreve than you should , inform your doctor . you may experience some of the side effects listed in section fatigue . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with yentreve may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your tablets unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 24 hours .
your doctor has prescribed mirvaso because you suffer from a serious condition . your doctor will determine the best dose for you . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of mirvaso depends on your disease or your current condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more mirvaso than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse . it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you forget to use libertek do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next , normal dose , the next day , at your usual time . if you stop taking libertek if you stop taking this medicine you will lose the effects of the medicine . you should not stop this medicine unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the amount of mvasi you are given will be worked out by your doctor , nurse or other health care professional . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and how often you will be given mvasi . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much mvasi you will be given the recommended dose of mvasi is : - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your illness and on how you respond to the treatment . patients with kidney problems your doctor may change your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . how much to use your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and for how long . if you are being treated for secondary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose is 3 mg per kilogram body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with infusions in a long - acting , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often is given your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you will need to take them . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you are given more mvasi than you should if you think you may have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tecartus will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given tecartus as a drip ( intra - venous vein ). medicines given before each medicines you will be given medicines to reduce the risk of an allergic reaction . your doctor will decide how much tecartus you need and how often you will be given paracetamol . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . your doctor or nurse will give you tecartus as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) as an infusion ( a drip ) into a vein . this will take approximately 3 to 4 minutes . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects . your doctor or nurse will check for side effects during your infusion and for 3 to 4 hours afterwards . your doctor may test your blood to see how well your blood cells are working from your blood . your doctor may need to check your blood to see how well your treatment is working and how long it should last . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of the day . however , try to inject it at the same time each day . this will help you remember to use it . how much to use your doctor will decide the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the usual dose is one inhalation twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the usual dose is one inhalation twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth each day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of giotrif is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of giotrif is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not change the dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more supportive_care than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take supportive_care do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking kogenate bayer do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to reduce the dose over a few days before stopping completely . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 200 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more the_forgotten_tablets than you should if you take more capsules than you should , tell a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take the_forgotten_tablets if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking mycophenolate dipharma do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take lynparza exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 12 mg once a day ( one tablet in the morning and 12 tablets in the evening ). your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how to take tablets swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more qtern than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take caprelsa what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take the missed dose as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the normal time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine your doctor will decide how long you should be treated with zessly . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you or someone else ' s instructions . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you think that the effect of peel is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you give more peel than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take peel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you or your child stop taking peel do not stop taking your medicine without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 micrograms given once a week for up to three weeks , or up to a maximum of 250 mg once a week . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 20 mg per kg body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 250 iu per kg body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 250 iu per kg body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 250 iu per kg body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 250 iu per kg body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 250 iu per kg body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 250 iu per kg body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long . the maximum dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long each day . if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma , your doctor will decide whether to stop the treatment . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how much and how often you need to take it . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will discuss with you how much and how often you need to take it and for how long . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you are given more injections than you should as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 40 mg and 24 mg per kg body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . swallow the tablets with water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 40 mg and 24 mg per kg body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 400 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 400 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets of 50
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route ) in the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route ) in the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel . this will be given as an injection into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the second dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . bondronat is given as an infusion into a vein . your doctor may do regular blood tests while you are receiving this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , based on your blood tests and your general condition . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to take . bones may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood tests and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to take . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to take . bones may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood tests and how well you feel . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you will need to take , when to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may then test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and help you if you experience side effects . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on the level of phosphorus in your blood . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with zeposia will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may decide to give you a lower treatment schedule . your doctor will decide on the correct dose . your doctor will decide on the correct dose . your doctor will decide on the correct dose . your doctor will decide how much medicine you will take and how often you should take it for you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how and when to take zeposia swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more zeposia than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , you may get the side effects described in section 4 " possible side effects ". if you forget to take piqray do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your next dose at the scheduled time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much elebrato breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one vial each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you can use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of temybric_ellipta are experienced . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale an extra dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or cough , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given zinforo as a drip ( a drip ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you are given more zinforo than you should as this medicine will be given to you by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin mylan pharma is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 50 mg tablet of 100 mg or 100 mg or mouth . your child ' s doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you take more xadago than you should if you take more enzepi than you should drink plenty of water and talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take enzepi do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . just carry on with the next dose at the normal time . if you stop taking enzepi do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . stay in regular contact with your doctor 1,000 helps to control your condition . you need to keep taking it every day to stop your illness getting worse . you may need to take both calcium and vitamin d supplements ( e . g . prednisolone ). if you take more prednisolone than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take ribavirin teva take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 20 mg dose week 2 one 40 mg tablet week 4 and beyond two 7 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet once a day ( 1x 20 mg ) for the first week . this is increased to one tablet once a day ( 1x 40 mg ) in the second week and to 4 and a half tablet once a day in the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is 4 tablets once a day ( 1x 20 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired enthesitis - infectious uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ritemvia will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given the_initial_treatment as a drip ( intravenous injection ). medicines given before each injection before each injection of medicines , you will be given other medicines ( pre - medication ) to prevent or reduce possible side effects . how much and how often you will be given medicines ? your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment to give you . your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment to give you . your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment to give you . your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment to give you . your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment to give you . your doctor will decide how many cycles of treatment are required . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with your_treatment in combination with medicines , you will receive medicines infusions on day 1 , 2 , 3 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , and 4 , of the bortezomib , 1 , 3 , and 4 of the bortezomib treatment . each cycle lasts 3 to 8 days for the first 8 days ( combination phase ). you will receive 8 cycles ( 8 weeks ). you will have treatment once a day for 4 weeks . this pattern of treatment will normally be repeated every 3 weeks . if you respond well to treatment , you may be given ruxience as a maintenance treatment . this will be administered 1 year and 18 months after the initial treatment and then every 6 months as needed or your doctor may change this , depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 1 . 7 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . if you take more capecitabine accord than you should if you accidentally take more capecitabine accord than you should , contact your doctor as soon as possible before taking the next dose . you might get the following side effects if you take a lot more capecitabine than you should : feeling or being sick , diarrhoea , inflammation or ulceration of the gut or mouth , pain or bleeding from the intestine or stomach , or bone marrow depression ( reduction in certain kinds of blood cells ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . if you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 4 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsule whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsule . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of kinzalmono is one 80 mg tablet once a day . the tablets should be taken with some water . the tablets should be taken with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one 80 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 20 mg tablet once daily . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood pressure . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with water . continue taking aprovel until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more aprovel than you should : if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take aprovel if you accidentally miss a daily dose , just take the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use afstyla exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one vial each day . you only need to use the medicine once a day . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of blood_clotting_disorders are experienced . if you are not sure how much of the solution to inject , talk to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . the starting dose is to inhale the content of one vial each day . you only need to inject the medicine every day . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how much of the solution to inject , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents dosing for children and adolescents is not recommended in children and adolescents aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking airexar spiromax or reduce the dose of airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor first . all doses should be administered at the same time every day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents dosing may be used in children and adolescents aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 ml per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 2 ml per kg body weight ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how much of the solution to use , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information about how to use your inhaler . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use your inhaler . if you use more luveris than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use luveris do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you stop using luveris do not stop using refacto af without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of this_medicine 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg twice a day ). if you have the impression that the effect of this_medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of this_medicine 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg twice a day ). if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 2.5 years ) you should continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take and when the amount of temomedac people have to take varies depending on their condition . your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets of ambrisentan alfa hexal to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may change the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your response to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , break or chew the tablets . if you take more temomedac than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . taking more than the recommended daily dose may make you feel nausea and vomiting . if you forget to take natpar take your dose as soon as you remember unless it is nearly time to take the next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablet with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without food . you can take the tablet at any time of the day . however , try to take it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . swallow the tablet ( s ) whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more neparvis than you should if you take more tablets than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take duavive if you forget to take a dose , just take your next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . if you take more enyglid than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could a_hypo below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar a_hypo , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take semglee if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 75 mg given once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 75 mg given as one injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thigh or arm . if you inject too much this medicine is given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you inject more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 15 drop in each affected hands once a day . the maximum dose is 15 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to duotrav . the maximum dose is 3 drop in the affected finger twice a day . the maximum dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than one drop in the affected eye ( s ) once a day . the maximum dose is one eye drop in the affected eye or eyelid once a day in the evening . children there is no information for the use of duotrav in children with a heart transplant . method of administration swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open the desiccant . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of duotrav at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the eye drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of duotrav at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of duotrav at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the eye drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the eye drops ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the eye drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the eye drops ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch ( picture 1 ). remove the bottle from the aluminium pouch
your doctor will work out your dose of nplate . this is based on your size ( body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the dose of factor viii people you will receive is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take the dose of factor viii activity is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the dose of factor viii people you will receive is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1 year of age ), you should take 1 dose of 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 and 1 , 000 international units ( miu ) per day . in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . laboratory tests it is strongly recommended that appropriate laboratory tests be performed on your regular blood scheduled levels . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much nplate you should take and how often you should take it for . prevention of bleeding the usual dose of octocog alfa hexal is 1 . 1 mg / kg body weight given once daily for the first 1 week , then on day 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 3 , and 1 , 7 , 000 , 1 , 000 mg of 3 . 5 mg per kg of body weight three times a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1 year of age ), you should take 1 dose of 1 . 1 mg per kg of body weight given once a week for 1 week , followed by 1 week without the end of each treatment cycle . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight for bleeding , you should continue with this while you are taking nplate . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take them . use in children and adolescents your_platelets can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 17 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . laboratory tests it is strongly recommended that appropriate laboratory tests be performed on your regular blood scheduled levels . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . errors in how you take this medicine may have serious health consequences . if you take more helixate nexgen than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take too many tablets . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take helixate nexgen proceed with your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you should use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - this is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to copd . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the eye inhaler . do not try to give a dose more than 2 sprays in the morning . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . if you have the impression that the effect of adasuve is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day by mouth . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor based on your condition . the maximum recommended dose is 2 sprays in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you stop using slenyto it is very important that you take all your medicine as instructed by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor right away . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency room straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take cufence if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 75 mg given once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 75 mg given as one injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thigh or tummy , upper arm or upper arm . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long each day you will need to inject it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for . how much to use the recommended dose is 75 mg given once a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor according to your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor according to your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor according to your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor according to your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor according to your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor according to your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight once a week . your doctor will choose the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will discuss the right dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you use more praluent than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject your next dose as soon as possible . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . inject your next dose at the regular time . if you are not sure when to inject praluent , call your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you stop using praluent do not stop using praluent without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one finger one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablet with a glass of water . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the finger . swallow the tablets whole with a small amount of water . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not attempt or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch them . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablets into your thumb . how to use swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to touch them . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to touch them . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not attempt to touch them . swallow the tablets whole with a large glass of water . do not twist them into the tip of the tube as the tip . swallow the tip of the tablet into your thumb and close the finger around the finger around the finger . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently tap the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of your thumb and down . gently into the blood around your thumb and your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture swallow the tip of your thumb or your child ' s finger ) into your thumb or your child ' s finger ' s finger ' s finger . the drop will go in here ( picture swallow the tip of the tip of the tip of your thumb . gently into the blood around your thumb and your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture swallow the tip of your finger into the finger ). the drop will go in here ( picture swallow the tip of your finger into the finger ). the cap will go in here ( picture 1 ). gently squeeze the tip of the syringe into your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the syringe into your thumb and your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture swallow the tip of your finger into the finger ). the cap will go into the blood stream . gently squeeze the tip of the syringe into your thumb and your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture finger ). gently squeeze the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of your thumb . gently into the blood into your thumb and your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture swallow the tip of your finger by the rest of your thumb or your child ' s finger ' s finger ' s finger ' s finger ' s ) or blood . the drop will go into the blood stream . swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently squeeze the tip of the tip of your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s thumb . gently tap the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of your thumb and the finger around your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture swallow the tip of your finger into the finger ). the cap will go into the blood stream . swallow the tip of your thumb with your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or your child ' s finger to make sure that all the medicine has been swallowed . if the cap is damaged , rinse your thumb with water and your child ' s doctor .
zoledronic_acid_hospira must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid accord is given the usual single dose given is 4 mg . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid teva is given - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid teva every three to four weeks . - if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given one infusion of zoledronic acid teva . how zoledronic acid teva is given zoledronic acid teva is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 4 weeks . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . do not take this medicine with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . swallow the tablet whole with water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use your inhaler at the same time each day will help you remember to use it . you can inhale this medicine any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the inhaler with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more zimbus breezhaler than you should if you inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel acino pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with delstrigo will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of delstrigo is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet whole with a drink of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more delstrigo than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . taking the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 mg once a day ( taken as 4 capsules of 30 mg in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening ). your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more spravato than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , you may get side effects such as nausea , vomiting , vomiting and vomiting . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by stomach mg at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of this_medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . recommended dose for children and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . recommended dose for adults and adolescents aged 12 years and over the usual starting dose is 12 capsules ( 400 mg ) twice a day ( morning and evening ), taken with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency room straight away . take the medicine pack with you . you may be at increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . if it is more than 12 hours since you should have taken your dose , do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine your doctor will decide how long you should take this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . after back to bed , you may need to use simbrinza at any time of the day . however , try to take it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can use it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is best for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the ointment twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . if you are using medicines to prevent an improvement in your eye , the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye , once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you . do not use more than your doctor told you to . if you use more simbrinza than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use drops use a single dose as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and continue with your regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using ikervis do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of filgrastim_ratiopharm according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 1 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will test your blood at regular intervals to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how
the dose of riluzole_zentiva is based on your child ' s weight or weight ( body weight ). the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on the child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 12 tablets of riluzole_zentiva per day or mouth once a day . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 12 tablets of the_tablets per day or mouth once a day . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is one tablet of riluzole_zentiva 12 mg / day taken orally ( by mouth ). your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child must take the full dose of one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will work out the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child must take the tablets or granules on an empty mouth . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more enzepi than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you accidentally go to the doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency department straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take enzepi it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if your child forgets to take enzepi give the missed dose as soon as you remember . then take the next dose as usual . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one injection each day . do not inject this medicine with anyone else . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use this medicine . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject the medicine , see section " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . if you use more this medicine than you should if you have used more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to use this medicine if you forget a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the dose will be calculated based on your weight and your nurse . the recommended dose is 21 micrograms ( 21 micrograms ) of defitelio per kilogram of your veins each week . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with defitelio drip will be given one infusion of drip into one of your veins . the infusion will last drip ( into a veins ) over one hour . your doctor will decide how much drip you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with defitelio in combination with a heart attack , it is recommended that drip is given into one of your veins ( subcutaneously ) over veins . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
your treatment with daklinza will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 20 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take your medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . taking this medicine - swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . you can take your tablets with or without food . do not break , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). adults aged 12 to 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be given into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). adults aged 12 to 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be given into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). adults aged 12 to 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from the age of 12 years and older : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). adults aged 12 to 12 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given over a period of 12 hours .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . jylamvo is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . for rheumatoid arthritis , methotrexate is continued while using jylamvo . if your doctor decides that you or your caregiver can give methotrexate with methotrexate , your doctor will determine the dose of methotrexate you should receive . methotrexate is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . if you have the impression that the effect of the_dosing_syringe is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for rheumatoid_arthritis . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you feel that the effect of the_dosing_syringe is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for rheumatoid_arthritis . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you feel that the effect of the_dosing_syringe is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for rheumatoid_arthritis . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you feel that the effect of refacto ucb is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take the same dose every day . do not exceed the recommended dose . jylamvo is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more methotrexate than you should if you accidently take more capsules than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky or have a headache . if you forget to take nexium control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking riarify do not stop using tegsedi without first consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you should use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - this is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel drowsy , or have to the symptoms . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . how long to continue your treatment with seebri breezhaler - keep using this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much to take always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one capsule each day with food ( for example , one capsule in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the capsule whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take riximyo . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take it . how much to take your doctor will work out your dose . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of side effects in your body . your doctor will monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 4 ). your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor may change your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with riximyo in combination with chemotherapy , you will receive 4 doses of riximyo at least 1 week apart . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are not suitable for blood stem cell transplantation you will receive bortezomib intravenously or subcutaneously together with the other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take farydak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more cotellic than you should if you take more thalidomide celgene than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take cotellic it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose and it is : more than 6 hours until your next dose is due , take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( infusion ) into a a_powder ( intravenous infusion ) over several hours . the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using other medicines in combination with topotecan the doctor or nurse will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . topotecan is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your a_powder . the first dose of your treatment is given over 30 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of treatment usually lasts from 1 . depending on the results of your regular blood tests , your doctor may suggest that you or your caregiver learn how to give yourself the injections . detailed instructions for self - administration of topotecan are given at the end of the leaflet .
always take this_medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet of this medicine once daily . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue the diet recommended by your doctor . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , consult a doctor immediately . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take rivastigmine teva if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
cabometyx will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given swallow the medicine with a doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with water . you can take cabometyx with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pemetrexed_hospira is for intravenous use only . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 5 weeks . additional medicines : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 5 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking dexamethasone . you must take at least 30 doses during the seven days before the first dose of dexamethasone . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed lilly . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 5 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed lilly and then approximately every 4 weeks as directed by your doctor . this adds up to a 4 - day treatment cycle . after day 4 , the next cycle will begin . you will again receive your infusion once every 4 weeks . additional medicines : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1,000 ) that you must take once a day while you are taking dexamethasone . you must take at least 30 doses during the seven days before the first dose of dexamethasone . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed lilly . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 5 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed lilly and then approximately every 4 weeks as directed by your doctor . this will be given as a separate infusion into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 5 weeks . additional medicines : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1,000 ) that you must take once a day while you are taking dexamethasone . you must take at least 30 doses during the seven days before the first dose of dexamethasone . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed lilly . you will also receive an injection of vitamin b12 ( 5 micrograms )
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of pulmonary disease . the doctor will decide the best dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of pulmonary disease . the doctor will decide the best dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor will assess your treatment on a regular basis . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . if you use more pecfent than you should if you accidentally swallow more cream than you should , rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using tegsedi do not stop using tegsedi without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 20 mg taken once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1 year of age ), you should take this medicine at least 1 hour before or 12 hours to 12 hours . do not take more than one medicine at a time . this medicine should be taken once a day . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take antacids if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed tablet . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
reblozyl will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given reblozyl as a weigh injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine based on your weight and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose of this medicine is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or decreased may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed hexal powder with other medicines for injection . the pre - filled syringe will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with ovitrelle , see the " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . if you are given too much crysvita as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you are concerned that you may have been given too much crysvita , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use ovitrelle if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor as soon as possible .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 890 capsule each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to this medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is 21 - 21 mg per day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . your cholesterol problem may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take stribild exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking yentreve this medicine is for long - term use . if you want to stop treatment , first talk to your doctor , as your symptoms may worsen . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many zyprexa zyprexa europe to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of zyprexa is between 20 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking zyprexa unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your zyprexa tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . zyprexa velotab tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . if you wish you may take a glass of water with water . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , sweating , fever , fever , muscle pain , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking zyprexa velotab , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much prolia you will be given and how often you will be given prolia . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of prolia in your arm . your doctor will tell you when you need your next injections . it is important not to miss your scheduled dose . it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor or nurse regarding return visits . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much calcium and how often you should use it to get the necessary level . your doctor will tell you how much calcium and how often you will need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much filgrastim hexal you will need to use . use in children your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to keep using it . your doctor will tell you how long you need to keep using kyntheum . it is important to follow the instructions from the doctor or nurse
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of injection . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . ambirix is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenously ) into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you an injection into your muscle . the vaccine will be given into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you an injection into your muscle . the vaccine will be given into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you an injection into your muscle . the infusion will be given into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults , children and adolescents from 2 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the first dose . the vaccine will be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the injection . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken orally ( morning and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 1 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
docetaxel_accord will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate your dose of docetaxel_accord ( in international units or 3 mg / m ) and will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . method and route of administration docetaxel teva will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , or hospital pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg tablet per day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 7 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose may be adjusted during your treatment period . depending on your blood test results , your doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 7 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose is 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose is 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose is 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may later adjust your treatment to a higher or lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose is 4 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . swallow the prescribed dose by mouth with water and at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within two hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ecalta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much ecalta is given your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine and how often you will be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much ecalta you will be given this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are needed . this dose may be adjusted , depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you will receive . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) as an infusion lasting 3 to 14 minutes . your doctor will decide how many treatment cycles are needed . this dose may be adjusted , depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you will receive . the recommended dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you will receive . the recommended dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you will receive . the recommended dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you will receive . the recommended dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you will receive . the recommended dose is based on your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you will receive . this is based on your body weight and the results of your blood tests . your doctor will discuss this with you . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
dose and frequency of adynovi will be calculated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with bleeding . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will calculate your dose of this medicine and how frequently you should use it to get the necessary level of factor viii activity in your blood . the doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using this medicine yourself , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 40 to 50 iu per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 50 minutes . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents of 50 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine , when used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and above ): the dose depends on body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . how often this medicine is for use in adults with a body weight of 40 kg , the usual dose is 50 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 2 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents of 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents of 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you use more this medicine than you should if you use more kogenate breezhaler than you should , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kogenate alfa do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . proceed with the next injection as scheduled and continue as advised by your doctor . if you stop using kogenate bayer do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 250 micrograms given once daily by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , see " instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet ( see section " how to store the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet ). do not shake this medicine with any other medicine . read the instructions for use " at the end of this leaflet . if you use more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to use tesavel if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , inject it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one vial each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 22 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started at a low dose with the oral solution ( liquid ) form . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your condition . the maximum recommended dose is 22 micrograms per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 22 micrograms once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . your doctor may reduce your dose , e . g ., one tablet ( 100 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of emtricitabine per day as described above . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . urgent treatment may be necessary . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take emtricitabine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is almost time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with orgalutran will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with any_blood . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose and adjust the dose according to your individual needs . how much to use your doctor will calculate your dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . the maximum daily dose is between 0 . 5 micrograms per kg of body weight . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . the maximum recommended daily dose is between 0 . 5 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . the maximum recommended daily dose is between 0 . 5 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg of body weight ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you , depending on your condition and body weight , and on whether it is used for prevention or bleeding of bleeding . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it for . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for . the maximum daily dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ). the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . method of administration you should inject this medicine every day for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are not sure how much of the solution to use , please ask your doctor or nurse . if you have questions about how long to use your medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you use more tegsedi than you should if you use more puregon than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use puregon if you miss a dose , inject the missed dose as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
blitzima will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given the_initial_treatment as a drip ( injection ) into a mouth . this will be given as an injection into a vein ( intravenous injection ) over a period of at least 6 weeks . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . blitzima will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as an injection into a a_drip_(intravenous_infusion ( intravenous injection ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 12 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 30 mg per kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted up to 30 mg a day based on your response to the treatment . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 12 years and above . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . corticosteroids is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 minutes . the recommended dose is 30 mg per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . corticosteroids is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 to 8 minutes . the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg body weight given once a week for 4 weeks . this will be given as a single dose into a vein by a drip directly into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 to 8 minutes for a total of 12 hours . the maximum recommended daily dose is 12 mg / kg body weight . corticosteroids will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 to 8 minutes . the medicine is given directly into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your treatment with onbrez_breezhaler will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have difficulty swallowing the capsules whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to inhale the inhaler at the same time every day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your inhaler will last . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 150 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 150 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . however , if you are elderly , you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop your treatment unless your doctor tells you to even if you feel better as your symptoms may get worse . if you use more airexar spiromax than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of a_double_dose ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of a_double_dose ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg to be taken as 75 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg to be taken as 75 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of a_double_dose ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg to be taken as 75 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this_medicine ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg to be taken as 75 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this_medicine ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg to be taken as 75 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this_medicine ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg to be taken as 75 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this_medicine ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg to be taken as 75 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this_medicine ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet
this medicine is for single use only . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial every other day ( every other day ) by your doctor . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . it is very important that you do not make this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how much of this medicine , or if you are being treated for infection , speak to your doctor . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based upon your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose of this medicine based on your kidney function . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always use depocyte exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . depocyte is given as an injections just under the injections ( subcutaneously ). your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to use the injections . the vaccine should be injected under the injections of your injections ( see section 2 ). your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to prepare the injections and how to prepare the injections . depocyte is for injection under the injections ( see section 4 ). your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the section at the end of this leaflet ( see section 7 ' instructions for use ' at the end of this leaflet ). if you use more natpar than you should if you are concerned that you may have been given too much injections , tell the doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use natpar if you forget to give yourself an injection , you should inject the next dose of natpar as soon as you remember , then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato breezhaler regularly it is very important that you use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of bemrist_breezhaler . how to inhale ulunar breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the inhaler with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you accidently inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using atectura breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 32 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once a day , depending on how you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may recommend a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take them . patients with kidney problems if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may recommend a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should take it to take . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may recommend a lower dose .
always use nespo exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the dose of nespo is calculated depending on your body weight and the kind of blood tests carried out before the start of the treatment . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood tests and your child . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your unwell . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dosage or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 10 g / dl ( 7 . 45 mmol / l ). your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your unwell . if you are being treated for chronic unwell the usual starting dose for adults is 2.25 in the range of 10 to 12 g / m body surface area per day . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the correct dose is given . if you are given too much iron_supplements as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for any signs of overdose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is  the dose of macugen is calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 6 injections in the affected eye 6 times a day for up to 6 months between doses . this medicine is intended for use . this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and older . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 injections once a day for up to 6 months between doses . this medicine is intended for use . this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and older . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 injections once a day for up to 6 months between doses . this medicine is intended for use . this medicine is for use in children aged 6 years and older . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given kepivance as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . each infusion will last about 60 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . each infusion will last about 60 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take cinacalcet_accordpharma exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take cinacalcet_accordpharma . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more cinacalcet_accordpharma than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , you must contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency room straight away . urgent treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take duavive if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can take it with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more jentadueto than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different tablet for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are heartburn ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of an_antacid 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic vomit : 1 . 5 mg twice daily - the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of an_antacid 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ) in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for chronic vomit : 1 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more an_alternative_regimen than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take ranitidine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking ranitidine do not stop taking your tablets , unless advised otherwise by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of avandamet is one 1000 mg tablet of rosiglitazone and 1 tablet of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1000 mg tablet of the_maximum_dose 5 mg ( corresponding to 2 . 1000 mg rosiglitazone ) in the morning and one half 1000 mg tablet in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1000 mg tablet of clopidogrel teva pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of avandamet is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1000 years of age ), you should take one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel 1a for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel apotex if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take this medicine with or without food . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of rapiscan is calculated depending on your body weight . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is
always take viagra exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablet whole with some water . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take the tablet with or without food . you can take the tablet at any time of the day with or without food . you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more pantoloc control than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have taken more than the recommended dose . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking galvus do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take sifrol exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of pramipexole accord is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of pramipexole accord unless your doctor or pharmacist has told you . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 1.1 5 mg twice a day . for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you should take pramipexole accord . swallow the tablets whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 1 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of pramipexole accord per day as described in the morning and in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg once a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or 3 times a day in the evening . method of administration emadine is for oral use . you should swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open , cut or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 16 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet of 1,000 5 mg twice a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 2 half a tablet each day week 2 and beyond two 50 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 2 tablets levetiracetam teva 0 . 18 mg or 50 tablet levetiracetam teva ( 1 tablet of 250 mg ) in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . an oral solution is a formulation more appropriate to infants and children under the age of 6 years and to children and adolescent ( from 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg and when tablets don ' t allow accurate dosage . method of administration swallow levetiracetam teva tablets with a sufficient quantity of liquid ( e . g . a glass of water ). you may take levetiracetam accord with or without food . after oral administration the bitter taste of levetiracetam may be available . if you take more levetiracetam teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately for advice . if you forget to take levetiracetam teva - if you notice within 6 hours of the time you usually take 250 tablet , you must take the tablet immediately . always take with food . if you notice after 6 hours , then skip the intake and take the next doses as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 28x1 tablets pack size , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of levetiracetam teva by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking matever it is important that you take levetiracetam teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine cipla tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of relvar ellipta is between 1 and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking elebrato ellipta without talking to your doctor first . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . you can take elebrato ellipta with or without food . if you take more elebrato ellipta than you should if you accidently take more of this medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to take elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking elebrato ellipta do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor . your symptoms may return upon discontinuation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with nucala , please read the section at the end of this leaflet ( see section " how to store the injections " at the end of this leaflet ). do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . if you use more eporatio than you should this medicine will be given by your doctor or nurse . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you miss an injection of injections talk to your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take ninlaro exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ninlaro to take the usual dose of lenalidomide is 40 mg twice a day ( morning and evening ), from 1 week of the week . your doctor will decide how long you should take lenalidomide . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with lenalidomide in combination with other medicine , you should continue with this while you are taking lenalidomide . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you vomit after taking lenalidomide if you vomit after taking a dose of lenalidomide , do not take an extra dose , just take your next dose at the usual time . if you take more lenalidomide than you should if you take more lenalidomide than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take lenalidomide if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 7 hours before your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose as usual with food . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lenalidomide do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much palforzia you will take and how often you should take it for . depending on your condition , your doctor may increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 3 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide how long your treatment will last . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience serious side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more palforzia than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take cuprior do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take the next dose at the scheduled time . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
treatment with zerene will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of symptoms . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . zerene is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . during your treatment , your doctor may reduce your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely . your doctor will determine the correct dose of zerene for you . during your treatment , your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . during your treatment , your doctor may reduce your dose of tredaptive to a lower maintenance dose of 1 . anxiety mg twice a day depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this ratiopharm swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more zerene than you should if you take more tablets than you should , you may experience some of the side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects ". - if you take a lot more than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you go to go to the hospital , take the pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take nexium control if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time to take your next tablet , skip the tablet you missed and only take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tredaptive do not stop taking tredaptive without talking to your doctor , as your overactive bladder symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
