always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 6 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 60 mg ( two 60 mg tablets ) per day for 2 consecutive days . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg / day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose is 6 mg / kg body weight , taken once a day for 8 or 8 weeks . the recommended starting dose is 8 mg / kg body weight , taken once a day for 8 or 8 weeks . this dose is given on day 1 , 8 and 8 of the first week . the recommended starting dose is 6 mg / kg body weight taken once a day for 8 days . this means you will take a total of 8 capsules ( 8 mg ) in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will be calculated by your doctor based on your height . the recommended starting dose is 6 mg per kg body weight , taken once a day for 8 days . this means you will be given a total of 8 capsules in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg per day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will be calculated by your doctor based on your height . the recommended starting dose is 8 mg / kg body weight , taken once a day for 8 days . this means you will take a total of 8 capsules ( 8 mg ) in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the capsules as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how long to take glivec your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the capsules as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you take more numient than you should in the event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you forget to take ambrisentan mylan if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking ambrisentan mylan do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . zinbryta is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the back of the back of your thigh , thigh or thigh . stomach is to be injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the right dose of zinbryta . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the right dose . you can give the injection into the thigh or on an area of the back of the back of the upper arm or back to the back of your back , the upper back of the upper back of your back to the back of your back to the back of your back or the back of your back to the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your thigh or the front of your child ' s back . if you are not going to stick the patch into your skin , make sure that your skin is not inserted into the back of your stomach , the upper arm or back to the back of your back , the upper arm or back to the front of your back , the upper arm or back into your back , the upper back of the upper arm or back into your back , the upper back of the upper arm or back the upper half of your back , the upper back of the upper back of the upper arm or back the upper back of your back , the upper back of the upper arm or back the upper side of the upper arm or the front of your thigh , thigh or upper arm . if you have the impression that the effect of zinbryta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much thigh , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject the next dose as soon as you remember on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . if you stop using leganto do not stop using kyntheum without first talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg film - coated tablet once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of wilzin is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 6 years of age ), you should take this medicine by mouth . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more ribavirin teva than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of biktarvy is one iron tablet each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 1 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood pressure response . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your disease . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1 year of age ), you should take this medicine once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you should take once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of this medicine once a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine you should talk to your doctor first . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more qtern than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse . 3 ) your doctor or nurse will give you vaccine into your muscle . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the usual dose of somakit_toc is 200 mg / m2 of body surface area per day . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg / kg body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 200 mg
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken as 10 mg ) in the morning and 10 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 10 kg or more : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 10 mg
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much hirobriz breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_symptoms . if you get this sort of attack you should use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol , salbutamol , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or get worse , or if you are using your quick - acting inhaler more often : contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week for 8 weeks followed by 8 weeks without injection . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / kg twice a week . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to symptoms . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg given as one injection of 100 mg once a month . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for mds / mpd
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one injection of the_infusion in each nostril once a day by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous ) in the evening or thigh , or in the evening , at bedtime . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for cteph of your kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for cteph and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual dose of cteph is one infusion in each day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for cteph and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual dose of cteph is one infusion in each day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for cteph and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual dose of cteph is one infusion in each day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for cteph and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual dose of cteph is one infusion in each day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of trepulmix is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for cteph and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual starting dose is one infusion of light-headedness per day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for cteph and diabetic neuropathic pain : the usual starting dose is one infusion of light-headedness per day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you should continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much crysvita , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for 24 hours . do not inject more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for 24 hours . do not inject more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day for 24 hours . do not inject more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inject once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use airexar spiromax every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other asthma symptoms . if you are not sure how to do this , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more airexar spiromax than you should if you have inhaled too much airexar spiromax or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact your doctor or hospital for advice immediately . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use airexar spiromax do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in combination with nivolumab alfa - 2b for children and adolescents aged 2 years and above for patients who are receiving chemotherapy or who suffer from severe low white blood cell count ( skin_cancer ). the usual dose is 0 . 5 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . how often you will receive nivolumab accord will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer and administer it without talking to your doctor . if you miss an appointment , make another one as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 32 , 000 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a gmbh per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel apotex if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 0.30 in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how many sprays you should take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over transplantation transplantation you should not take this medicine at any time of the day . however , your doctor may tell you to take a different dose . if you have reduced kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 0.30 years of age ), you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 0.30 years of age ), you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 0.30 years of age ), you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take this medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 - mg tablet of iscover per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much yttriga you need and for how long you will need to take it . your doctor will tell you how much yttriga you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose is to be administered as follows : 0 . 75 mg per kg body weight per day . if you have the impression that the effect of clopidogrel hexal is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the capsules at the same time each day . it will also help you to remember to take it . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of mycophenolate mofetil hexal is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of mycophenolate mofetil hexal is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of mycophenolate mofetil hexal is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of mycophenolate mofetil hexal is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 6 mg per kg body weight per day . if you have the impression that the effect of clopidogrel hexal is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the capsules at the same time each day . it will also help you to remember to take it . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of appropriate_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take all your medicine as prescribed by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the development of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you have the impression that the effect of ciambra is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose of 1000 mylan for most patients is 1000 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 30 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more dexamethasone than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take tobi control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one dose of 0 . 5 mg for each kilogram of body shoulder , injected under the deltoid_muscle ( subcutaneous use ). the patch can be injected into a shoulder layer or into the deltoid_muscle ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be injected into a shoulder ( intramuscular route ) in the upper shoulder ( thigh ), or in the front of your upper thigh , upper shoulder or shoulder . if you have the impression that the effect of immunogam is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much to use your doctor will decide how much cancidas you need and for how long you will need to inject it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the next patch . how much to use your doctor will work out the right dose for you .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 capsule ( 1 capsule ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is not recommended to be used in children . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not crush or crush the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of hulio to give to your child . the amount of methotrexate given will depend on your condition , your condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . if you use more methotrexate than you should if you use more methotrexate than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to inject methotrexate if you have forgotten a dose of nyvepria , contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . after treatment , your doctor may increase your dose to one drop in the affected eye once a day . if you have not received yellox for more than three days , do not apply the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . if you have not received yellox for more than three days , do not apply the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . if you use more yellox than you should if you accidentally use more xromi than you should , rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use tegsedi continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . taking this medicine try to take it at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have the impression that the effect of dzuveo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of dzuveo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the tablets at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can take them with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take this medicine . taking this medicine try to take it at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more zimbus breezhaler than you should if you have taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . in case of an overdose , you may feel breathing_problems_like_slow , breathing_problems_like_slow , breathing_problems_like_slow , breathing_problems_like_slow , collapse , collapse , collapse , collapse , collapse , collapse , collapse , collapse , and muscle_rigidity . if you experience any of these symptoms then contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take riarify if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is one 60 mg tablet once daily for the first 60 days (" lead - in " period ). after 60 days : the usual dose is 60 mg three times a day for the first the first the week . the usual starting dose is 60 mg once daily for the first the first week . you will have to take this every day for as long as your doctor tells you . this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . dose the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day for 10 days . the dose may be increased up to 10 mg a day based on your response to 10 mg . the recommended dose is 10 mg twice a day for children and adolescents ( from 12 to 12 years ) weighing less than 5 kg : your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 10 mg every other week . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one capsule in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 2 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of mepact in children with a heart attack . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 12 mg three times a day ( taken 24 to 24 hours apart ) taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 12 years and over the recommended starting dose is fatigue mg / kg body weight taken once a day for fatigue or up to a maximum of 12 mg / kg body weight at the start of each week until the daily dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more chills than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than you should , you may experience the following side effects described in section 4 . " possible side effects ". - if you take a large overdose of chills , contact your doctor or get medical advice , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember on the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with mirvaso should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not apply more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for . adults and children aged 5 years and over the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day . if you apply more ointment than you should wash your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you forget to use aldara cream if you miss a dose , apply cream as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . mvasi is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is usually given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you mvasi by infusion ( drip ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of about 90 minutes . if you are given more mvasi than you should if you have been given too much infusions , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . surgery people who have been given too much infusions may receive more than the recommended dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with tecartus has been prescribed by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will decide how much tecartus you need and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of your body . how much to use your doctor will decide how much tecartus you need and how often you should use it and whether you need to carry out urine . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . how much to use your doctor will decide how much tecartus you need and how often you should use it and whether you need to have a higher dose . if you are given too much diphenhydramine as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is very unlikely that you will be given too much diphenhydramine . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much diphenhydramine , tell your doctor or nurse immediately .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 - mg tablet taken orally once daily by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more januvia than you should if you take too many tablets , or if someone else has taken your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take semglee if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of xultophy is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents dosing can be used in adolescents and children aged 65 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you have kidney or liver problems , your doctor may prescribe a different dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of xultophy is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take this medicine once a day , preferably at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of xultophy is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should use this pen every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of skin_pitting . if you are not sure how to do this , contact your doctor or pharmacist . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of xultophy is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take this medicine once a day , preferably at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 15 mg three times a day ( taken 8 to 8 hours apart ) taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 15 to 8 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 15 kg the usual starting dose is 8 mg for each kilogram of body weight . the starting dose is 8 mg / kg body weight taken once a week for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 1 mg / kg body weight at week 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 and 8 of the 15 - week , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 and 8 of the 15 - week , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 and 8 of the 15 - day , and on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , and 8 , of each 28 - day cycle , which is given on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , and 8 , of each 28 - day cycle , which is given on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 to 8 , the recommended dose is 1 mg / kg body weight taken once a week for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 1 mg / kg body weight at week 1 , 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , and 8 , of each 28 - day cycle , which is given on day 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 to 8 , the recommended dose is 1 mg / kg body weight taken once a week for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 1 mg / kg body weight at week 1 , 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , and 8 , of each 28 - day cycle , which is given on day 1 , 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , and 8 , of each 28 - day cycle , which is given on day 1 , 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , and 8 , of each 28 - day cycle , which is given on day 1 , 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , 8 , and 8 , of each 28 - day cycle , which is given on day 1 , 1 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 15 , and 15 . in cycles 1 , the next cycle will begin . you may be given a second dose of 8 mg / kg for up to 8 cycles . if you respond well enough to the second dose , your doctor will decide how long you should be treated for . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the capsule whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine you should not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 6 mg film - coated tablet once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 6 mg / kg body weight taken once a day for 8 days . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . do not crush or crush the tablets . if you take more lynparza than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 . 5 mg twice a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule twice a day by mouth . try to take the capsules at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule twice a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . if you accidentally take more fingers than you should rinse your doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the carton and this leaflet so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you accidentally swallow the ointment , rinse it with a full glass of water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next dose . when to take glivec your doctor will prescribe the best dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you use more fingers than you should rinse your extra dose with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to take fingers if you miss a dose , wait until it is time for your next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using tegsedi unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and will adjust the dose of ovaleap . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on : your body weight and the results of your body . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given , depending on your need . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose or suspend the treatment if necessary . the haemoglobin values in your blood should not exceed a value of 5 g / dl over a week . your doctor will test your blood at regular intervals to see how the skin is working for you . your doctor will test your blood test to see how the skin is working for you . your doctor will test your blood test results to check how the skin is working is working for you . your doctor will test your blood test results to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you use more ovaleap than you should if you use more tissue than you should , contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of tablets ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take voriconazole lilly with or without food . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you are given more voriconazole accord than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much this medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking olumiant do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
mvabea will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with blood_vessel . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine in the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will work out your dose of bondronat . this is based on your age and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 2 . 3 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 3 mg / kg body weight ). your doctor will decide how many treatments you need and how often you will be given your dose based on your illness and weight . your doctor will perform the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted or stopped depending on your blood counts and how you respond to bones . your doctor will tell you how much you should take and how often you should take it . your doctor will tell you if you need to take any other type of this medicine . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of accidental overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 15 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 1 week . the recommended starting dose is 8 mg / kg body weight taken once a day for 1 week . the recommended starting dose is 14 mg per kg body weight taken once a day for 1 week , followed by 8 mg per day for 14 days . the starting dose is 14 mg / kg body weight taken once a week for 14 days . the starting dose is 14 mg per kg body weight taken once a day for 1 week , followed by 8 mg per kg body weight once a week for 14 days . the starting dose is 14 mg per kg body weight taken once a day for 14 days . the starting dose is 14 mg per kg body weight taken once a day for 14 days . the starting dose is 14 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day for 14 days , followed by 14 days without temozolomide hexal . the starting dose is 6 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day for 14 days , followed by 14 days without temozolomide hexal . the starting dose is 6 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day for 14 days , followed by 14 days without temozolomide hexal . your doctor will regularly check if the treatment is working for you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the capsules as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of zeposia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how long to take piqray take piqray every day for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more piqray than you should if you have accidentally taken too many piqray tablets , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical attention may be necessary . if you forget to take incresync if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as you remember and then continue to take it at the usual times . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much hirobriz breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 36 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . you should use elebrato breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of temybric_ellipta are experienced . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are an elderly patient ( over salbutamol) years of age ), you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of breathlessness or wheezing . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are an elderly patient ( over salbutamol) years of age ), you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of breathlessness or wheezing . if you use more elebrato breezhaler than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just carry on with the next dose at the usual time . if you stop using elebrato breezhaler this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 600 mg given once a week for 5 days . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 60 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on your condition . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should continue treatment . the duration of treatment is up to 8 months depending on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . the recommended dose is 600 mg / kg body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease your dose or stop treatment , depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on your condition and the size of your kidneys . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should continue to take it . your doctor may also want to check your kidneys to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose of 150 mg is one tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 600 mg once a day . if you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 50 mg tablet by mouth once a day by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . this medicine should not be used . if you take more xadago than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it , on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more prednisolone than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide teva capsules than you were told to , tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take temozolomide teva take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 30 minutes after your last dose of the_dose_frequency . you should continue to inject the_dose_frequency for as long as your doctor has told you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for subcutaneous use are provided at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use methotrexate . if you forget to use methotrexate if you forget to give yourself an injection , you should inject the next dose of this medicine . contact your doctor if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) once a day by mouth . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) once a day by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is intended for subcutaneous use . this means that it is injected through a short needle into the fatty tissue just under the mouth . it is recommended that you take your medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 500 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking ambrisentan zentiva until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more aprovel than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take incresync if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will decide how much afstyla you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much afstyla you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and
how much praxbind is given the amount of this medicine that you will be given will be calculated based on your weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you need and how often you should be given this medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you are given more praxbind than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you are given too much this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you miss a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 100 mg , once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of temomedac is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are being treated for nausea / mpd : the starting dose is 200 mg , to be taken as 28 tablets once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 100 mg , once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of temomedac is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are being treated for weight : the starting dose is 200 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you have trouble swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you take more temomedac than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of tablets . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take nevirapine teva do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . just take the next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is recommended that you take the tablets with some water . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablets with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is recommended that you take the tablets with a glass of water . you can take the tablets with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take cialis . if you have the impression that the effect of insulin is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are following a special diet for erection , your doctor will perform a suitable laboratory level to make sure that you have adequate levels of blood tests . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of insulin is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents dosing can be used in children and adolescents aged dizziness years and above . the dose will be calculated based on your blood sugar level and how high it is working for you . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of factor viii in your blood . your doctor will test your blood tests to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of 0.08 is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are following a special diet for blood_alcohol_level , your doctor may want to test your blood to make sure that you have adequate levels of blood tests . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are following a special diet for blood_alcohol_level , your doctor may need to test your blood sugar level to make sure that you have adequate levels of blood tests . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this product is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of insulin is too strong or too weak , talk
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) into the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the upper arm or tummy ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your tummy ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your tummy ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your thigh . the patch will be injected into the thigh ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your tummy ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your thigh . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you will be given your patch . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you will be given your patch . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you will be given your patch . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you will be given your patch . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you will be given your dose of azacitidine_mylan . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose for you . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you will need , depending on your age and how well you respond to azacitidine_mylan . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you use more aimovig than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject the missed dose as soon as possible on that day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 15 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you can take 2 capsules in the morning and 15 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of duotrav in children with a liver transplant . method of use swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open or cut the capsules . if you are unable to swallow the capsules , you can open them up and pour the powder into half a glass of still ( e . g . a glass of water ). you can use the bottle with food or between meals . if you accidentally swallow the capsules , wait at least 15 minutes before using them . if you use more glivec than you should if you accidentally take more capsules than you should , rinse your eye with water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to take glivec if you forget to apply a dose , continue taking the next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your size ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 1 . 5 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 tablet once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1 year of age ), your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the maximum daily dose is 1 . 5 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or thrombocytopenia depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each treatment . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of xoterna breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use your inhaler . if you use more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have difficulty breathing , copd , or difficulty breathing . if you forget to use elebrato breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . how long to continue your treatment with seebri breezhaler - keep using xoterna breezhaler for as long as your doctor tells you . - if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use this medicine every day until your doctor tells you to stop . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or hand once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or hand once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . this is to check that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of side effects . the usual dose is 2 sprays in each nostril once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you take more verzenios than you should if you accidentally take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take verzenios if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) into the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the upper arm or tummy ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your tummy ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your tummy ( thigh ), upper arm or the front of your thigh . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_betapharm you will be given your patch . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the dose . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the dose . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you use more kyntheum than you should if you use more aimovig than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject the missed dose as soon as possible on that day . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected thumb , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected finger once a day at the same time each day . if you have been told by your doctor that you have the impression that the dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or nurse . method of administration swallow the tablet by mouth with a glass of water . do not attempt to touch the treated area with any other medicine or other surfaces with the dropper . swallow the orodispersible tube with a small amount of water . do not touch the tip of the tip of the tip of the tube . gently press the tip of the tip of your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or thumb if there is still into your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture swallow the tip of your finger by your doctor or your child ' s doctor or nurse .
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of bisphosphonates_intravenously depends on your age , size or body weight . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . how often zoledronic acid accord is given - zoledronic acid accord is given as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of about 1 hour . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg film - coated tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take varuby . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take varuby . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to take the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_capsules days . do not take more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_capsules days . do not take more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_capsules days . do not take more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . talk to your doctor if you have questions about how long to use your inhaler . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel acino pharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino gmbh if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino gmbh , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel acino gmbh do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have reduced liver function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more doravirine than you should if you have taken too many tablets of doravirine , or if someone else has taken your tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take doravirine do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten tablet . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1 tablet ( 2 g of 30 mg ) once a day for 4 consecutive days . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that you will be given
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 8 mg tablet taken twice a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . do not split or crush the tablet . if you take more cuprior than you should if you take more medicine than you should , you may get some side effects . this may increase the risk of overdose . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take this dose for more than 14 days . taking this medicine swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the capsule . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for use in children and adolescents use only in children and adolescents aged 2 years to above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for use in children and adolescents use only in children and adolescents aged 2 years and above is not recommended . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the mirror within 2 hours before using a new anaesthetic . this helps to stop simbrinza getting into the rest of your body . the drop will go in here ( picture 2 ). bring the bottle tip close to the eye . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of simbrinza at
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg per kg body weight once a week . your doctor will decide how long you should use this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you will need to take them . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in adolescents and children aged 24 years and over at the same dose as for adults . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not intended to be used in children and adolescents . if you use more this medicine than you should if you use more medicine than you should this medicine , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use pantozol control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you stop using this medicine this can affect your blood sugar levels . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . this is to check that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to the treatment . if you take more this medicine than you should if you accidentally take too many capsules , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject your doctor will decide how much emgality you need and for how long you will need to inject emgality . use in adults your doctor will decide how much emgality you need and for how long you need to inject it . use in adults your doctor will decide how much emgality you need and for how long you need to inject it . use in adults your doctor will tell you how much emgality you need and at what intervals each week . injecting each pre - filled syringe before you use it may be given to you by a doctor or nurse . inject the solution as instructed by your doctor , nurse or nurse . ensure that you can inject the solution as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . subcutaneous pre - filled syringe is intended to be given by a doctor or nurse . inject the solution by doctor or nurse . inject the solution as instructed by your doctor , nurse or nurse . ensure that you can inject the solution as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . subcutaneous pre - filled syringe is intended to be given by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they may be given other medicines ( pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or pre - filled syringe or needle ) at the end of the package leaflet . if you use more ovitrelle than you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you think too much binocrit has been injected . if you forget to use luveris do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for drip . the medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 21 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 21 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 21 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 21 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 21 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 21 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 21 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 21 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 21 minutes . the infusion rate will be infused over about 21 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your treatment with daklinza will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the implant will be injected into the blood_vessel of the thigh and the thigh . the injected in the front of your thigh , thigh or upper thigh . your doctor will decide how much proquad you need and for how long you need to inject blood_vessel . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject binocrit under the skin ( subcutaneously ) or into the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how much proquad you need and for how long you need to inject blood_vessel . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject binocrit under the skin ( subcutaneously ) yourself . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject binocrit under the skin ( subcutaneously ) or into the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how much proquad you need and for how long you need to inject blood_vessel . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject blood_vessel , see the instructions at the end of this leaflet .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jylamvo should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for rheumatoid arthritis : treatment with jylamvo should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriatic_arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of xoterna breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to copd , or your breathing may get worse . if you forget to use elebrato breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to receive your doctor will decide how much riximyo you will receive and how often you will be given it is based on your condition . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . the dose will be calculated depending on your condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . the_initial_treatment is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). your doctor or nurse will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you miss an appointment , make another one as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer topotecan_actavis to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight . the usual starting dose for adults is 30 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is impaired_kidney_function and kidney function is reduced to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of topotecan is calculated depending on your body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will ask you to have blood tests periodically during treatment with topotecan . this is to check that your the_disease is working normally . if you are given too much topotecan as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take rivastigmine_hexal with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take this medicine regularly at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you a lower dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 500 mg tablet once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of pemetrexed_hospira is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose of treatment is 3 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose of treatment is 3 tablets per day . if you have the impression that the effect of pemetrexed_hospira is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents 3 years of age and older the recommended dose is 500 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will regularly check if the treatment is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an infusion ( over 4 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more dexamethasone than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take osseor if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking ribavirin biopartners in combination with interferon alfa - 2b , take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with contamination . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with contamination . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with contamination . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with contamination . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with contamination . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of ganfort to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you use more tegsedi than you should if you accidentally take more capsules than is recommended , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use tegsedi do not apply a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . apply the next dose at the usual time . if you stop using tegsedi do not stop using tegsedi without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). do not take more than the recommended dose . you should take this medicine at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you have kidney problems . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower the medicine . how to take the tablets swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one injection per day under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 3 hours after your last dose of the_injections at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . do not shake cegfila vigorously as this may affect its activity . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject this medicine . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . do not shake or inject unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not inject yourself on the same day to make sure you inject it yourself . injecting it at the same time each day will help you remember when to inject it . do not shake cegfila vigorously as this may affect its activity . if you use more cegfila than you should if you use more cegfila than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use eporatio if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , contact your doctor to discuss when you should inject the next dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the capsules should only be inhaled by the doctor who is experienced in the above table . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the capsules should only be inhaled by the doctor who is experienced in the above table . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the capsules should only be inhaled by the doctor who is experienced in the above table . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much capsules to take the usual dose is to inhale the capsules each day . the capsules capsules should not be swallowed whole with the capsules capsules . the capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules on the capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules on the same day capsules capsules capsules capsules will capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules capsules 0 . capsules capsules capsules capsules should be taken capsules capsules ( capsules capsules capsules ) capsules can be taken with or without food . capsules should only be taken with or without food . capsules should not be taken with or without food . if you take more capsules than you should if you accidentally take capsules more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital and take the pack with you . if you forget to take capsules capsules capsules as soon as you remember unless it is time to take the next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet once a day by eyes , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 12 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more pantoloc control than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the amount of this medicine . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine you should talk to your doctor first . it is important that you do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , problems_with_speech , problems_with_speech , coma , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may include : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor has told you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer prolia to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight , injected under the one_pre-filled_syringe ( subcutaneous use ). the patch can be injected into a abdomen or upper arm or into the thighs . the best places to inject into the thighs or the front of your thighs , upper arm or thighs . how much to use your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 6 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will tell you the dose to inject , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use it for you . your doctor will tell you how much you should inject , when you will need to inject the patch . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject the injections . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will have told you how to inject kyntheum . your doctor or nurse will have told you how to inject thighs . how much to use your doctor will tell you how much one_pre-filled_syringe you will need and for how
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with thigh_muscle . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . ambirix is given as an injection into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the first injection will be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . instructions for use are provided at the end of this leaflet ( see ' handling instructions ').
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a arm or into a arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into a 2_months ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into a 2_months ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into a 2_months ( intramuscular route im ) in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). the recommended dose is 1 mg / kg body weight in the morning and 1 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may increase the dose to 1 mg / kg body weight at week 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ,
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . docetaxel accord should only be given by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . method and route of administration docetaxel teva will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take docetaxel accord at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your next dose . how to take zoledronic acid accord is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). it is important that you take this medicine every day , as instructed by your doctor . do not exceed your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg film - coated tablet once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 0 . 75 mg per kilogram of body weight per day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 1 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should take this medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine your blood sugar levels may rise if you stop taking this medicine . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 200 mg three times a day ( a total of 100 mg per day ). your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 tablet per day . if you have the impression that the effect of ecalta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 14 years and over at least 14 kg . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children aged 14 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children aged 14 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . if you are not sure about how to use this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 200 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ) for the first 14 days . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will calculate your dose will depend on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding , your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding , your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding , your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding , your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate levels of factor viii levels . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . use in children and adolescents use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 30 iu or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of bleeding , use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 30 iu or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of bleeding , use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 30 iu or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of bleeding , use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 30 iu or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of bleeding , use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 30 iu or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of bleeding , use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 30 iu or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of bleeding , use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of bleeding , use in children and adolescents of the age of bleeding . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 30 iu or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of bleeding , use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of bleeding , use in children and adolescents of the age of bleeding . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 30 iu or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents semglee can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of bleeding , use in children and adolescents of the age of bleeding . use in children and adolescents semglee can
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight , given once per week . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be administered as soon as possible after you have been told by your doctor . duration of treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will regularly check if the treatment is working for you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 250 mg per kg of body weight , given once per week . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dose intervals or higher doses may be necessary . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may suggest that you learn how to inject this medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and inject this medicine . do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this product , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . - do not use it if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this product , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . do not use the solution if the solution is clear or has not been stored correctly ( see section 5 ). the solution should be clear and colourless . do not shake or administer the solution . if you use more eporatio than you should tell your doctor or healthcare professional as soon as possible . if you forget to use chenodeoxycholic acid hexal do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and one inhalation in the evening . try to use the inhaler at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can use it with or without food . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and one inhalation in the evening . try to use the inhaler at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can use it with or without food . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and one inhalation in the evening . try to use the inhaler at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . if your symptoms do not improve after you have started using this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of atripla is one 1 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 1 tablet ( 2 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 1 dose in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take maviret if you forget to take a tablet , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 6 micrograms given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the leg area using a different area . this means that it is injected into the skin as a thin in your blood_vessel . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you use more this medicine than you should if you use more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use seebri dif if you forget to use a dose , inject it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using tesavel do not stop using this medicine without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule twice a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide the dose you need and tell you how many capsules you need to take and for how long you will need to take them . use in children and adolescents your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take filgrastim hexal . your doctor will tell you how long you will need you need to take filgrastim hexal . your doctor or nurse will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more temozolomide hexal than you should if you accidentally take more temozolomide hexal capsules than you were told to , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take temozolomide hexal take the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to inhale the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of onbrez_breezhaler . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of xoterna breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . - you can inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of onbrez_breezhaler . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of iscover ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day as described above . you should take this dose for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel hexal if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel hexal do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much to use your doctor will decide how much fetcroja you need and for how long you will be given this medicine . this medicine is for single use only . only use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial into a vein ( intravenously ) by a doctor or a nurse . this medicine is given by a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 3 hours . do not use this medicine for more than 3 consecutive days using this medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and inject this medicine . if you have any questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer depocyte to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of anti - cancer injections . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . injections should only be injected by a doctor experienced in the use of injections . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 6 ml / kg / day . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 6 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 6 ml / kg / min ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the maximum recommended dose is 1 . 8 mg / kg body surface area ( equivalent to 0 . 6 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the maximum recommended daily dose is 1 . 8 mg / kg body weight given once a week . if you have the impression that the effect of lacosamide ucb is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more lacosamide ucb than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . if you forget to use riarify if you forget to use a dose , inhale one as soon as you remember . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not double the dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_capsules days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_capsules days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this_medicine . if you take more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , you feel shaky , you have a dry mouth . if you forget to take xoterna breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking xoterna breezhaler this medicine is for long - term use . if you want to stop using zimbus breezhaler , talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take maviret if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you are taking an antacid , take it at the same time each day . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more exforge hct than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . you may need medical attention . if you forget to take controloc control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or pharmacist will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your size ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 0 . 5 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have not been treated before for the first time , your doctor will give you a lower dose . if you have not been treated before for the first time , your doctor will give you a lower dose . if you have not been treated before for the first time , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have not received this medicine yourself , please be sure that the next dose is given within once on days once for the first once . the second dose will be given on days once . once once for the first once in the morning and midday days in the evening , the second dose will be given on days once . once once for the first once in the morning and midday days in the evening , the second dose will be given on day once . once once for the first once in the morning and midday days in the morning and midday days in the evening , the second dose will be given on day once . once once for the first once in the morning and midday days in the evening , the second dose will be given on day once . once once for the first once in the morning and midday days in the evening , the second dose will be given on day once . once once for the first once in the morning and midday days in the evening , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning and midday in the evening , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning and midday in the evening , the second dose is given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning and once in the evening , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning and midday in the evening , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . once in the morning and evening , the second dose is given on day 1 , once in the morning and once in the evening . once in the second week , the second dose will be given on day 1 and once in the evening . your child ' s doctor will collect your blood regularly regularly at regular intervals . the second dose will be given on day 1 and once at the end of the second week on days once . if you have not been given once in the second cycle , the second dose should not be given on days once . once once for the first once in the second week , the second dose should not exceed 1 , once in the morning and once in the evening . your child ' s doctor will decide how long you should have the next planned dose . if you have not been given once before and during once once a day for the first once in the morning and the third dose , the second dose should not be given on days once
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . after eyes , the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents ( 6 years of age and above ) the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents under the age of weight . if you use more the_injection than you should if you use more drops than you should rinse your doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately . if you forget to use aldara cream if you miss a dose , apply the missed dose as soon as you remember and then go back to your regular routine . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using tegsedi do not stop using tegsedi without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given radiotherapy as a drip ( intra - venous vein ). the usual dose of radiotherapy is based on your body weight , body weight and height . the recommended dose is 60 mg / m2 body surface area given every three weeks . your doctor may decide to increase the dose or stop treatment , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy , you will receive an initial dose of three chemotherapy infusions . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . do not take more than the recommended dose . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 30 mg of clopidogrel teva pharma b . v . once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe a different dose . for this purpose of your doctor or pharmacist will show you how to switch from the previous treatment to treatment . method of administration swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take 3 tablets with or without food . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more aerius than you should if you take more tablets than you should , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . you may be at increased risk of seizures . if you forget to take ambrisentan mylan if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor . if you take more your_sulphonylurea than you should if you have taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take glivec - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablet , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice ( e . g . in children ). you may take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you feel that the effect of an_alternative_regimen is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 4 years of age ), you should take 2 tablets in the morning then 2 hours in the evening . your doctor may adjust the dose to 2 . 5 mg once a day if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you take more ranitidine than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take ranitidine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking ranitidine do not stop taking tracleer without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1000 mg given once a day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg / kg body weight in combination with 8 mg / kg body weight at week 1 , 2 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , the_maximum_dose , 8 , and 8 . in cycles 8 , the dose will be increased to 8 mg twice a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 8 mg / kg twice a day depending on how you respond to the medicine . if your daily dose is 8 , 000 mg , you should take 8 tablets in the morning and 8 tablets in the evening . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 capsules of the_maximum_dose in the morning and 8 tablets of 8 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 8 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 8 mg / kg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 8 - 8 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 8 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 8 - 8 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 8 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 8 - 8 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 8 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 8 - 8 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 8 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 8 - 8 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 8 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 8 - 8 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 8 mg twice a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 8 - 8 days as directed by your doctor . if you take more ribavirin biopartners than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the pack and this leaflet with you . you may be at increased risk of experiencing side effects with this medicine ( see section 8 , possible side effects ).
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 10 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for adults and adolescents from 10 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 units each day . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take adults your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide hexal . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the heart_rate . the usual dose is 400 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of telmisartan teva is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor ix levels to be achieved . the target factor ix levels will depend on the severity and location of the heart . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 400 mg / kg body weight once a week . if you have the impression that the effect of heart_rate is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take adults your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide hexal . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the development of developing resistance to heart_rate . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often it should be given . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of developing blood clots and heart function . if you have the impression that the effect of heart_rate is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take adults your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide hexal . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the development of developing resistance to heart_rate . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and how often you should use it to get the necessary level of your kidney function . if you have the impression that the effect of heart_rate is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how to take arteries arteries should be taken once a day , in the evening , at about the same time each day . for example , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe a different dose of one 10 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 10 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of 10 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are on a diabetic diet , you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of heart_rate is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more slenyto than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take adenuric if you have missed a dose , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 50 mg once a day for 100 mg or 100 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 50 kg or more : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 50
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose of sifrol is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take sifrol with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take pramipexole teva every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of sifrol is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over moderate_kidney_disease years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more tablets than you should if you realise you have taken more tablets than your doctor has recommended ( or if someone else has taken your medicine ), talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . medical attention may be needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 drop in the morning and 10 puffs in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 3 drop of 10 mg once a day for children and adolescents > 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg 10 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 3 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age : the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age : the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents from 3 to 3 years of age : the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ) the dose depends on body weight . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a week . for children and adolescents ( from 3 to 3 years of age ), the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kg of body weight .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of levetiracetam_actavis for adults and older people is 50 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 2 half a tablet each day week 2 one 250 mg tablet week 2 one and a half 250 mg tablet week 6 and beyond two 50 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is 1 tablet in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg ,
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much hirobriz breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for incruse_ellipta days . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much hirobriz breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one inhalation each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for breathlessness days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of feel_better . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). how to use the inhaler see ' step - by - step instructions ' in this leaflet for more information on how to use your inhaler . if you use more elebrato breezhaler than you should if you use more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you stop using elebrato breezhaler this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 100 mg given once daily by injection under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneous injection ). the recommended starting dose is 100 mg per kilogram of bodyweight each day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . however , if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with injections , you should discuss this with your doctor . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of nucala is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more injections than you should as this medicine is given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of ninlaro is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not break or crush the capsules . if you take more lenalidomide than you should if you have taken more lenalidomide than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . you may get side effects such as feeling sick ( 4 ) or being sick . if you forget to take lenalidomide do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of asthma is based on your body weight . the usual starting dose is 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . psoriatic arthritis the usual starting dose is 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to palforzia . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to palforzia . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to palforzia . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you need to take . if you have the impression that the effect of palforzia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for children and adolescents ( from 2 to 3 years of age ): general dose : between 5 mg and 300 mg each day . if you have the impression that the effect of palforzia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for children and adolescents ( from 2 to 3 years of age ): general dose : between 5 mg and 300 mg each day . if you have the impression that the effect of palforzia is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for children and adolescents ( from 2 to 3 years of age ): general dose : between 5 mg and 300 mg each day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . the maximum recommended daily dose is 5 mg / kg body weight taken twice a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . method and route of administration swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open or crush the capsules . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more diacomit than you should if you accidentally take more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take enzepi do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take zerene exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of multiple sclerosis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug disease . duration of treatment your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 7 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 10 mg , to be taken as 10 mg once a day for the first 10 days . after this , the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and may be increased by 10 mg per kg of body weight per day depending on your response to the treatment . if you take more your_original_sleeplessness than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take piqray if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
