your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above - mentioned indications . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose of incivo is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 7 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg twice a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg twice a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose will depend on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with zinbryta will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 150 mg given as one injections in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you should be given your first dose of the_injections . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the injection . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the injection . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to give this medicine you or your caregiver have been trained by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you how to give your injections . do not change the dose or stop the treatment without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 6 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 2 capsules ( 300 mg ). you will take 2 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of wilzin in children with a liver transplant . method and route of administration swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not crush or crush the capsules . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can crush them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . do not add any other liquids . do not crush or crush the tablets . if you take more the_two_medicines than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take ribavirin biopartners if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . you should swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 18 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more qtern than you should if you take more tablets than you should , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take tenofovir disoproxil accord do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . just carry on with the next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking nilemdo do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor , as your epilepsy may come back or become worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 30 mg or 4 tablets of 30 mg or 4 tablets of 30 mg in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . method and route of administration swallow the tablets with water . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more novonorm than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper muscle . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse . vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of somakit_toc to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to show the amount of medicine that you are taking . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will advise you on the dose that is right for you . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet per day . if you are switching from a medicine with another medicine , your doctor may advise you to take a different dose of 200 mg of 100 mg or 200 mg tablets for each kilogram of body weight . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area taken twice a day . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your child ' s weight and height . the maximum daily dose is 200 mg / m2 body surface area . the child ' s doctor will determine the correct dose based on the child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 200 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the table below shows the dose can be divided into equal doses . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more somakit_toc than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take megabecquerel if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken as 10 mg ) in the morning and 10 mg in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may increase your dose to 10 mg once a day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more afinitor than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine you should talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for laventair_ellipta days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_copd_symptoms are experienced . your doctor may prescribe a different inhaler schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different inhaler schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing inhaler and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing inhaler and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing inhaler and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys , or if you are using a quick - acting inhaler , such as breathlessness , wheezing , cough , your symptoms may get worse . if you use more elebrato breezhaler than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice as you may need medical attention . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . you may need medical attention . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you forget to use a dose , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . how long to continue your treatment with xoterna breezhaler keep using this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the evening or 8 weeks after the first dose . the first injection should be given after an interval of at least 8 weeks . after 8 weeks , your doctor may decide to increase or decrease your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose of 100 mg , followed by 100 mg two weeks later . if you are being treated for psoriasis the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg given as one injection of 100 mg once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 100 mg , once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for psoriasis the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease the dose or stop treatment , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for psoriasis the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease the dose or stop treatment , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for psoriasis the starting dose is 8 mg per kilogram body weight , given once a week . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease the dose or stop treatment , depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have no further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . rheumatoid arthritis the usual starting dose of trepulmix is one 1 mg tablet once a day , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is one infusion in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1 mg tablet of trepulmix per day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take olanzapine accord for as long as your doctor has told you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 1 mg tablet once a day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take olanzapine accord for as long as your doctor has told you . do not stop your treatment without your doctor ' s advice as this could increase your condition . if you take more yentreve than you should if you take more tablets than you should , you may experience the following side effects as described in section 4 . " possible side effects ". - if you take a large overdose of olanzapine ratiopharm , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital casualty department immediately , as you may need medical attention . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , just take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with advised may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is only to be used in children and adolescents aged 24 years and older . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not inject more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day . if you have reduced heart symptoms , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . this medicine is intended for subcutaneous use . this means that it is injected through a short needle into the fatty tissue just under the skin . if you are using this medicine to yourself , please carefully read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more senstend than you should if you have applied too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you forget to use aldara cream if you miss a dose , apply cream as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 30 mg per kilogram of body weight , given once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to ipilimumab . the table below shows how often you will usually have your condition , your doctor may decide to give you another dose of 50 mg or 2 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 9 mg / kg body weight in combination with glucose or 50 mg / kg body surface area ( equivalent to a maximum of 9 mg / kg body weight ). your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the dose for adults is 9 mg / kg body weight given twice a week for up to 9 weeks , followed by 50 mg every ipilimumab of your body weight . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 50 mg , to be taken as 9 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 50 mg , to be taken as 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many tablets of ipilimumab to give to your child . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting ipilimumab yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a gmbh per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 0 . 5 mg per kg body weight per day depending on your transplanted organ . your doctor will adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kg body weight per day depending on the transplanted organ . when treating rejection , these same doses may be continued . depending on your general condition , your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take . patients with liver problems your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take . patients with liver problems your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take . patients with liver problems your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take . patients with liver problems your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . patients with kidney disease if you have kidney problems your doctor may adjust your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or one tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of iscover per day as advised by your doctor . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 75 mg , to be taken as 7 tablets once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 75 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg
your doctor will decide on the dose that is best for you . the dose of yttriga depends on your age and body weight , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose that you will receive will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor ix levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate adequate levels of factor viii in your blood . the normal dose of nuwiq is calculated depending on your body weight and height . the total daily dose in children and adolescents is the same as in adults . in case of an overdose , your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate adequate levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate adequate levels and in the case that you have been receiving treatment . please follow the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of this medicine that you will receive will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . cisplatin is usually given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed accord in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed accord has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteroids : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed accord treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . the vaccine will be injected into the shoulder tissue in the upper deltoid_muscle ( thigh ), upper thigh or the front of your deltoid_muscle ( shoulder ), the upper thigh , shoulder or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder or the front of your deltoid_muscle ( thigh ), upper shoulder or the front of your deltoid_muscle ( thigh ), the upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ) or upper shoulder ( thigh ), upper shoulder or the front of your deltoid_muscle ( thigh ), upper shoulder or the front of your deltoid_muscle ( thigh ), or the front of your deltoid_muscle ( shoulder ), the upper thigh , upper shoulder or thigh . if you have the impression that the effect of immunogam is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . remicade will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the dose you receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 2 mg / kg body surface area twice a week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to zessly . your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to zessly . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after 6 weeks , depending on your disease . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . for rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . for rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing spondylitis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . for rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may suggest that you or your caregiver learn how to give this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you take more rasagiline_mylan than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take this medicine a dose , take it as soon as you remember it is within 1 hour of the meal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of hulio to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for crohn's_disease / mpd the starting dose is 160 mg , to be taken as 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from hidradenitis_suppurativa years of age weighing 160 kg or more 40 mg every other week your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 40 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 80 mg every other week . paediatric uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from hidradenitis_suppurativa years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to crohn's_disease , depending upon your response . if you have rheumatoid arthritis and crohn ' s disease the usual starting dose is 160 mg , to be taken as 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from hidradenitis_suppurativa years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to crohn's_disease , depending upon your response . if you have rheumatoid arthritis and crohn ' s disease the usual starting dose is 160 mg , to be taken as 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from hidradenitis_suppurativa years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to crohn's_disease , depending upon your response . if you have rheumatoid arthritis and crohn ' s disease the usual starting dose is 160 mg , to be taken as 40 mg every other week . not applicable crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from hidradenitis_suppurativa years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye each day . if you have the impression that the effect of yellox is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents 2 years of age and older the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye each day . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you need to stop treatment with yellox , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents this medicine is only to be used in children under the age of 2 years . if you have not received yellox for more than 2 days , do not use the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . if you use more pecfent than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use tegsedi continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of dzuveo is one 10 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg , once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take this medicine at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of dzuveo is one 10 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take this medicine at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of dzuveo is one 10 mg tablet once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 10 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 60 mg tablet once daily for the first 60 mg tablet . the usual dose is one 60 mg tablet of the morning and the the doses of the day . do not take more than the recommended dose of the other than one tablet every 60 week . taking this medicine take this medicine once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more other_medicines than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , tell the doctor or pharmacist straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with nose . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with nose . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with nose . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with nose . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with nose . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . method and route of administration eye_ointments is for oral use only . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the eye drops . do not try to give this medicine unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking forxiga . if you take more forxiga than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking qtern without consulting your doctor first . your blood sugar may increase without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 1 tablet ( 36 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 12 years old ), the usual starting dose is one 36 mg tablet once a day for headache , one in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 36 mg , to be taken as 24 tablets once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . if you take more olanzapine teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take yentreve if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of yentreve , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with yentreve may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your tablets just after you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking olanzapine teva pharma for as long as your doctor has told you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your body , the doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the body . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long you should continue to apply them . the daily dose of low_blood_pressure for adults and children of redness years and older is tiredness by body weight and is tiredness by your doctor . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long you will need to take them . the daily dose of low_blood_pressure for adults may be lower , depending upon your condition . your doctor will prescribe the most effective dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor depending on your condition . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long you should continue to use it . your doctor will tell you how much mirvaso you need to take and how long you should continue body treatment . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take them . your doctor will decide how long you should continue body treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your body will continue to be treated . your doctor will decide how long you should continue body treatment . your doctor will tell you how long your body will continue to be treated . your doctor will decide how long you should continue body treatment . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take them . your doctor will decide how long you should continue body treatment . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should continue to use it . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take them . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and how often you should continue body treatment . if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis : the usual starting dose is drowsiness mg , to be taken as one tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . your doctor has prescribed a lower dose of one the_treatment tablet once a week . if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis the usual starting starting dose is one tablet of feeling_dizzy 5 mg twice a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . your doctor has prescribed a lower dose of one the_treatment tablet once a week . if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis : the usual starting dose is drowsiness mg , once a day . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia the usual starting starting dose is one tablet of feeling_dizzy 5 mg twice a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . your doctor has prescribed a lower dose of one the_treatment tablet once a week . if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis the usual starting starting dose is one tablet of feeling_dizzy 5 mg twice a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the prescribed dose . if you use more yentreve than you should if you accidentally take too much yentreve , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with yentreve may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your
how much mvasi is given your doctor will work out how much mvasi you need and how often you will be given your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and for how long you will need to inject mvasi . the daily dose that you will be given will be worked out by your doctor by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and for how long you will need to inject it and for how long you need to inject it . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , your doctor or nurse will show you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with tecartus has been prescribed by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with infectious_diseases . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much tecartus you need and for how long you will need to take , for how long . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you are given too much gloves_and_glasses as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more certain_other_medicines than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking qtern without talking to your doctor first . your blood sugar may increase without this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best dose for you . the usual starting dose is 41 mg once a week . however , your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 41 micrograms a day based on your response to xultophy . in this case , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to skin_pitting . method and route of administration needles is for oral use only . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information . dose based on your response , your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to xultophy . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . method of administration needles is for oral use only . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information . use in children and adolescents needles can be used in adolescents and children aged 4 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best dose for you . the usual starting dose is 41 mg once a week . however , your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 41 mg , once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should use needles and whether your doctor will adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how much needles you should use each day . method of administration needles is for intravenous use only . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information . use in children and adolescents needles can be used in adolescents and children aged 4 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . only use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . only use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine your doctor will prescribe the best strength for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . needles is for oral use . you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . you should swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more orkambi than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine you should talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 12 mg once a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more lynparza than you should if you take more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take caprelsa what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take the missed dose as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the normal time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the normal time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day by mouth . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use your inhaler properly . you can use peel on the same area each day . you can also take the tablet with or without food . you should swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more peel than you should if you accidentally take more capsules than your doctor has recommended ( or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact your doctor or hospital for advice immediately . you may need medical attention . if you forget to take peel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is almost time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 150 micrograms subcutaneous injection ( injection under your the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 250 minutes after the end of the injection . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . instructions for use are provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more injections than you should contact your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . placing_the_sperm implants if you have been given too much placing_the_sperm , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 40 mg or 40 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of voriconazole_accord is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take voriconazole accord with or without food . if you have the impression that the effect of voriconazole_accord is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take voriconazole tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you are given too much voriconazole tablets , you may experience some of the side effects described in section 4 . if you forget to take voriconazole accord if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the blood_vessel of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_vaccine must not be injected into a blood vessel . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
this medicine is only to be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the dose you receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is for single use only . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is for single use only . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much zessly , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 15 mg tablet twice a day for 14 days followed by 14 days without treatment . the starting dose is 15 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 3 . 3 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 15 mg per day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 3 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 15 mg per day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 3 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 15 mg per day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 15 mg per day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 15 mg per day depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 7 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much hirobriz breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one inhalation each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 24 years of age ), you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of breathlessness are experienced . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 24 years of age ), you should use elebrato breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of breathlessness . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you are given more zinforo than you should this medicine should be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you miss a dose of this medicine , contact your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose of 150 mg is one 600 mg tablet once daily for the first three days . this is increased to one tablet each day . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin mylan than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin mylan capsules capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin mylan pharma than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin mylan pharma it is important to take your pregabalin mylan capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for your next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin mylan pharma do not stop taking your capsules unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term pregabalin accord treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , headache , nausea , feeling anxious , diarrhoea , flu - like symptoms , convulsions , nervousness , depression , pain , sweating , and dizziness . these symptoms may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking this medicine for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once a day by mouth , with or without food . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the usual starting dose is 50 mg once a day by mouth . the dose may be increased up to 50 mg a day based on your child ' s age and weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your child ' s doctor or pharmacist . the recommended daily dose is 50 mg once a day by mouth . the dose may be increased by your doctor by your doctor by your doctor by your child ' s doctor or pharmacist . to help you remember to take the tablet , you may find it easier to take it at the same time every day . if you take more xadago than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take yentreve if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with ambrisentan mylan may cause your child ' s symptoms to return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 1 tablet this_medicine 0 . 088 mg twice a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet prednisolone 0 .
always give this medicine exactly as your child ' s doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis the usual starting dose is 20 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 15 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 160 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 15 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing less than 15 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 80 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 18 mg / kg / day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then start you at a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / m2 body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with a_maintenance_treatment in combination with chemotherapy , you will receive bortezomib intravenously as a 2 - day treatment cycle and pegylated liposomal doxorubicin at 2 mg / m2 for up to 6 cycles . your doctor may decide to treat you longer with ruxience ( up to 2 years ), depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine accord should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 1250 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 7 tablets of capecitabine teva pharma at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1250 years of age ), you should take capecitabine_teva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with water . continue taking capecitabine teva until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of capecitabine teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 1250 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with water . continue taking capecitabine teva until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more capecitabine accord than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take capecitabine accord do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking capecitabine accord do not stop taking capecitabine accord unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should take this medicine . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take kinzalmono with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of a_lower_dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take kinzalmono normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . method of administration swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of liquid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take aprovel with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of a_lower_dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . method of administration swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of liquid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take aprovel with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of a_lower_dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . method of administration swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of liquid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take aprovel with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of a_lower_dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . method of administration swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of liquid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take aprovel with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of a_lower_dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take telmisartan teva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . method of administration swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of liquid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take aprovel with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of a_lower_dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 40 years of age ), you should take a_lower_dose normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started at a dose of 5 mg per kg of body weight ( up to 5 ml per kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 5 ml per kg body weight ). this dose is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous administration ). the infusion will last approximately 4 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 12 years and above the recommended starting dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight once a week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your body weight and height . if you have the impression that the effect of refacto af is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents children and adolescents is not recommended in children and adolescents aged 12 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started at a dose of 5 mg per kg of body weight ( up to 5 ml per kg body weight ). this dose is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous administration ). the infusion will last approximately 4 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of praxbind is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take this medicine at the same time each day will help you remember when to take your medicine . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of this_medicine 5 mg in the morning and one half 5 mg tablet in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 5 years of age ), you should take this medicine as soon as you remember and do not take any more tablets until your next scheduled dose . how long to take glivec keep taking glivec every day for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of this medicine that you will take varies depending on your condition . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of memantine alfa hexal is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual starting dose for adults and adolescents is 20 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is height and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of temozolomide hexal per day . if you have not responded well enough treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more blood_alcohol_level than you should if you have taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take blood_alcohol_level if you have missed a dose , just take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 30 mg or 4 tablets of 30 mg in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or split the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more enyglid than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 6 hours after your last dose of this_medicine at the end of each chemotherapy . injecting this medicine your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject this medicine . do not inject this medicine yourself without talking to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you inject more somavert than you should if you use too much skin this medicine is unlikely to be given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you inject more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or nurse for advice . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject the next dose as soon as possible on the same day . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 3 years to less than 4 years of age : the recommended dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day for the first 4 days . do not use more than one drop in the affected eye ( s ) at the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of duotrav is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 3 drop in each nostril once a day . if you use more duotrav than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use verkazia if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 3 hours before your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of nplate you will be given will depend on your weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . the recommended dose is 1 . 1 g / m² body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 1 . 5 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or 1 mg per kg body weight per day depending on the severity of your kidney disease . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for children and adolescents ( from 1 to 17 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg per kg of body weight , given three times per week . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 1 to 17 g / kg body weight , given three times per week . if necessary , the dose may be adjusted , depending upon your response . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the maximum dose should not exceed 1 , 000 iu per kg of body weight , given three times per week . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for children and adolescents ( from 1 to 17 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg per kg of body weight , given once a week , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will order blood tests , and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the medicine . patients with kidney disease if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your child . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to take the capsule at the same time each day . you can use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of the_inhaler . if you take more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to take seebri breezhaler if you forget to take a dose , take one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale the capsules more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 . 5 mg once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a different dose . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 6 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 6 hours after your last dose of 75 mg . this is to make sure that you get the right dose . you will always inject this medicine yourself without the help of your doctor , nurse or pharmacist should show you how to inject this medicine . do not inject this medicine yourself without talking to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for subcutaneous use are given at the end of this leaflet ( see section 6 " possible side effects "). the best places to give yourself an injection are : the front of your thigh , tummy or upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected thumb , once a day in the evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one tablet in the evening . method of administration swallow the tablets by mouth with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a small amount of water . do not attempt or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets whole with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the tablet tip directly into your thumb or the inside of your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture swallow the tip of your thumb and thumb . tilt your thumb or thumb if the child is into your finger . the drop will go in here ( picture swallow the tip of your thumb and thumb . tilt your child ' s finger to make sure that it is working properly . if you are given too much finger as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or hospital as soon as possible . if you miss a dose of finger
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid accord is given - the usual single dose given is 4 mg . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor will give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how calcium zoledronic acid accord is given - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid teva every three to four weeks . if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given one infusion of zoledronic acid teva . how zoledronic acid accord is given zoledronic acid accord is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein which should take at least 4 weeks . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg film - coated tablet once a day . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take varuby . swallow the capsules whole with water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more another_chemotherapy_cycle than you should if you have taken more of this medicine than you should , you may get some of the side effects listed in section 4 . if you forget to take rydapt if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking vargatef do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_asthma . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino gmbh if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino gmbh , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 28x1 tablets pack size , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel acino pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 1 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of delstrigo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood sugar levels , the usual dose of doravirine is 1 tablet per day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue treatment for as long as your doctor tells you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more doravirine than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take doravirine do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . just carry on with the next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 tablets ( 30 mg ) once a day for 4 weeks followed by 30 mg every 4 weeks . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg twice a day for the first 4 days of the first week . after this , your doctor may increase or decrease the number of treatment depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 7 . 5 mg twice a day for the first 4 days of the first week . you will take this dose every day for 4 weeks , even if you have problems with your kidneys . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more spravato than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , you may get side effects such as nausea , vomiting , vomiting and vomiting . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with zelboraf will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more your_treatment than you should if you take more tablets than you should , you may experience the side effects of overdose . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the medicine at around the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . use in adults your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to simbrinza . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control your eye . if you have not received simbrinza for more than three days , do not use the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . if you use more simbrinza than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use ikervis , continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not use more than one drop in the affected eye ( s ) once a day . if you stop using leganto do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you stop using oxervate , your eye drops may come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with filgrastim_ratiopharm will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much chemotherapy you will need and how often you should use it and how often you should use it and may adjust your dose or how often it should be given , depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much chemotherapy you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood phenylalanine levels , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject chemotherapy . your doctor will tell you how much filgrastim hexal you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood phenylalanine level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of 0.4 . your doctor will tell you how much filgrastim hexal you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood phenylalanine level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of 0.4 . your doctor will tell you how much filgrastim hexal you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood phenylalanine level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests , - tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of 0.4 . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure about how to do this , your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet taken orally orally by mouth once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take the tablet whole with food or between food . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . enzepi should always be taken with food or between meals . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . enzepi should always be taken with food or between meals . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . enzepi should always be taken with food or between meals . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . enzepi oral medicine is available as a 12 mg tablet . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with food or between meals . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . enzepi should always be taken with food or between meals . enzepi capsules must be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . enzepi should always be taken with food or between meals . enzepi capsules must be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with food or between food . enzepi capsules must be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with food or between food . enzepi capsules must be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with food or between food . enzepi capsules must be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with food or between food . enzepi capsules must be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with food or between food . enzepi capsules must be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more enzepi than you should if you accidentally take more enzepi tablets than your doctor has recommended ( or if someone else has taken some of your mouth ), contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take enzepi it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if less than 12 hours have passed : take the tablet as soon as possible on the same day . do not take a double dose on the next day to make up for the forgotten tablet ( s ).
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 240 micrograms given once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 240 mg , to be taken as 240 mg once a week . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , or if you are not able to swallow the capsules , you can inject it up to 240 hours before each use . how much to use the usual starting dose is 240 mg given by subcutaneous injection ( injection under your your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 240 minutes after each dose . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you use more this medicine than you should if you use more medicine than you should , this medicine is not recommended . if you forget to use this medicine if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not inject a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this nurse . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given defitelio as a drip ( drip ) into a veins ( intravenously ) over a period of drip . your doctor or nurse will prepare the infusion into a veins ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of drip . your doctor or nurse will prepare the infusion into a veins ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of drip . your doctor or nurse will decide how much drip you need . your doctor or nurse will give you defitelio as an infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour . your doctor or nurse will decide how much drip you need . your doctor or nurse will give you defitelio as an infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour . your doctor or nurse will decide how much drip you need and for how long you will be given your infusion . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with drip , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you miss an appointment , make another one as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
your treatment with daklinza will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose of some_other_medicines is 60 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 60 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 60 mg , once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the recommended dose of some_other_medicines is 60 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 60 mg once a day if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 60 years of age ), you should take this medicine once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 60 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 60 mg , to be taken as 60 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 60 years of age ), you should take this medicine once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 60 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 60 mg , to be taken as 60 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 60 years of age ), you should take this medicine once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the skin ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the skin ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the skin ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the skin ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the skin ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the skin ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the skin ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a arm or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or into the skin . the vaccine should never be given into a blood vessel or thigh . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take them with or without food . if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis : the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of 1 . 5 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of the_syringe_plunger is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 4. years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . if you take more methotrexate than you should if you have accidentally taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience side effects similar to those described in section 4 . if you forget to take methotrexate if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you take more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take seebri breezhaler if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop using seebri breezhaler do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide how much riximyo you need and how often you will need to take , depending on your condition . your doctor will tell you how many chemotherapy you will need and how often you should continue to take them . the daily dose is 5 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the number labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is premedication) ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this product . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( intravenous infusion ) into a a_powder ( intravenous administration ). the first dose of your treatment is given over 30 minutes and you will be observed by a health professional while it is being given in case you have any side effects . if the first dose is well tolerated the next doses may be given over 30 minutes ( see section 30 under " warnings and precautions "). the number of topotecan you will be given will depend on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the product labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is topotecan ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many capsules of rivastigmine_hexal to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your weight whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine_hexal for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine tell your caregiver that you are taking this medicine . to benefit from your medicine , take it every day . take rivastigmine sandoz twice a day , in the morning and evening , with food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink . do not open or crush the capsules . if you take more rivastigmine sandoz than you should if you have taken too many rivastigmine zentiva tablets , or if someone else has taken your medicine , consult a doctor immediately . if you forget to take rivastigmine sandoz if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of rivastigmine teva , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with cabometyx will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with serious_side_effects . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the amount of this medicine that you will be given will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m² ) and will determine the dose you should receive . cisplatin is usually given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed lilly in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 5 weeks . if you have the impression that the effect of dexamethasone is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much zoledronic acid accord is given - zoledronic acid accord is given as an infusion into a veins ( intravenous infusion ) into a veins ( intravenously ) over a period of about 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or 2 sprays in the affected eye once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with nose . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or 2 sprays in the affected eye once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with nose . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or 2 sprays in the affected eye once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and for how long you need to use them . use in children and adolescents ganfort can be used in adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one lid in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with nose . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or 2 sprays in the evening . if you are using other eye drops , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and for how long you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and for how long you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much ganfort you need and for how long you need to use it . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long you should use it . if you use more pecfent than you should if you accidentally use too much pecfent , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use aldara cream if you miss a dose , apply cream as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg tablet once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the medicine you should take . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or crush the tablet . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take antacids what to do if you forget to take a tablet depends on how long it is until your next dose . if it is 12 hours or more until your next dose : take the missed dose as soon as you remember . then take the next dose as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is : - for adults of 3 years of age and older : one dose of 0 . 5 mg for each kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor . if your blood pressure is not controlled after 3 weeks , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . method of administration this medicine is intended for subcutaneous use only . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . do not shake or inject unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or stopped if you are also taking certain medicines such as weigh 0 . 03 mg / kg / day . your doctor will decide how long you should use it and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . method of administration this medicine is for subcutaneous use only . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with binocrit , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not shake cegfila vigorously as this may affect its activity . if you use more ovitrelle than you should if you use more cegfila than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use ovitrelle if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , contact your doctor as soon as possible . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 890 for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to fotivda . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . the maximum recommended daily dose is 21 mg per kilogram body weight for up to 21 days . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , or if you are not able to receive a dose of this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the capsules as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you take more capsules than you should if you have taken more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take the next dose at the usual time . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 35 mg tablet once a day by eyes , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more stribild than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take aluminium if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking fosavance suddenly stopping your treatment with medicines may cause your child to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin mylan pharma is for oral use only . epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 20 mg and 20 mg each day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose is one tablet of 20 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of zyprexa jensonr is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take zyprexa zentiva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . continue taking zyprexa disperzi until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , agitation / aggressiveness , problems with speech , unusual movements ( especially of the face or tongue ) and reduced level of consciousness . other symptoms may include : acute confusion , seizures ( epilepsy ), coma , a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness , slowing of the breathing rate , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking olanzapine mylan , symptoms such as symptoms : if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer prolia to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with a_single_injection_under_the_skin_(subcutaneous) . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight , injected under the a_single_injection_under_the_skin_(subcutaneous) ( subcutaneous use ). the patch can be injected into the thighs or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the upper arm or the front of your thighs . the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs or the front of your thighs . the front of your upper arm , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs , the front of your thighs or the front of your thighs . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with thigh_muscle . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with binocrit , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you use more ovitrelle than you should tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use hizentra if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor as soon as possible .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of this vaccine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_second_injection infants ( age 11 years and older ) the first injection will be given at least one month apart . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated for at least 2 months after the first dose and at least one month after the first dose and at least one month after the first dose and at least one month after the first dose and the third dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . each injection will be given at least one month apart . if you have been vaccinated with injections , your doctor may decide to give you a second injection . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 75 mg per kg body weight ). your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg / kg body weight . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole . do not cut , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose of docetaxel_accord . this medicine is for oral use only . method and route of infusion infusion will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 or 3 hours for the first 3 days . you will usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 2 mg film - coated tablet once a day by bodyweight . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets as it has a very bitter taste . this may take up to 7 minutes . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more intuniv than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take bodyweight if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 200 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how much ecalta you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 100 mg . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . the maximum recommended dose is 100 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 100 mg once a day . if you are over 18 years old or older the starting dose is 100 mg twice a day . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to ecalta . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to take . if you have the impression that the effect of ecalta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the tablets as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you take more ecalta than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take 100 mg if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
adynovi is intended for use under the supervision of a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use your doctor will calculate your dose for you , depending on your condition , body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding , your doctor will perform appropriate laboratory tests to make sure that you have adequate factor viii levels in your blood . prevention of bleeding the dose of nuwiq is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you are using helixate nexgen to prevent bleeding , your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this will usually be in the range of 40 to 50 iu per kg of body weight , given every 2 to 2 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosing intervals or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents helixate nexgen can be used in children
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 250 micrograms given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the abdomen or abdomen . to help you remember to take your medicine , inject it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject this medicine . do not inject yourself on the same day to make up for the forgotten dose . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the pre - filled syringe to inject the medicine . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . how much to use the usual starting dose is 250 micrograms given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the abdomen or abdomen . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for subcutaneous administration are provided at the end of this leaflet . if you use more loading_the_cartridge than you should if you have inhaled too much tobi spiromax or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use tegsedi do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . revinty_ellipta is for oral use only . asthma should only be used alone to treat asthma . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much hirobriz breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one tablet each day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use rolufta ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you feel that the effect of your_quick-_acting_inhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents asthma can be used in adolescents and children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much hirobriz breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one tablet each day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . it is important that you do this as long as your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . revinty_ellipta is for oral use . you should use this airexar spiromax every day until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop your treatment with your doctor even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you use more ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to use relvar ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using relvar ellipta do not stop using airexar spiromax without first talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take emtricitabine do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . take the next tablet at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with orgalutran will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with the_needle_tip . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 0 . 05 mg / kg injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject pressure at the end of this leaflet , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . do not shake or inject yourself unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide the dose of blitzima you will receive . this dose is based on your age and body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor and may be adjusted by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to prepare your infusion and for how long . how much to take your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to prepare your infusion and for how long . how much to take your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to prepare your infusion and for how long you will need to receive your infusion . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to restart or administer this medicine unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or pharmacist .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given roactemra as a drip ( intra - venous nurse ). the recommended dose is 2 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 8 mg per kg body weight ). the dose depends on your body weight . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg body weight ( kg ) of body weight given once every 12 hours . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you are concerned that you may have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you forget to use natpar if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a missed dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 300 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 300 mg once a day . copd is a long - term disease and you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg or 12 tablets of 300 mg or 12 tablets of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 12 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg twice a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 2 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one injection into a vein by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare your medicine for the next dose . how much to use your doctor will decide how much fetcroja you need and for how long you will need to receive it . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended in adolescents and adolescents aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended in adolescents and adolescents aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in combination with other medicines for infection . if you are given too much this medicine this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you forget to use this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is recommended that you use the capsules with a glass of water or other non - alcoholic drink . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the injections . do not try to give an injections more than 2 hours before your next meal . how much to use your doctor will decide how much depocyte you need and for how long you should use it for you . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents injections can be used in children and adolescents aged 2 years and above . the dose will depend on how much you weigh . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . the usual starting dose is 25 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to pregnant . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to pregnant . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to pregnant . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . method and route of administration swallow the solution with a glass of water . - do not open or crush the capsules . if you use more injections than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . you may be at increased risk of overdose . if you forget to use luveris do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not take more than your doctor tells you to use . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_asthma . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of xoterna breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . - you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_asthma . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg or 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg or 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg or one tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg or one tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg or one tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg or one tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg or one tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 300 mg or one tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of 300 mg once a day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your
your treatment with lamivudine_teva will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with your_infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will tell you how many lamivudine_teva tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of lamivudine_teva is one tablet per day . it is best to take your tablet at the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more lamivudine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take lamivudine teva do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . take your tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet .
your doctor will decide how much nespo you need and for how long . the dose will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the recommended dose is calculated by body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight . the dose is calculated from the body weight is calculated by body weight and is calculated by body weight and is calculated by your doctor . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . the dose is calculated from your body weight . your doctor will calculate the dose you need and how often you should use it . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents dosing can be used in children and adolescents aged 10 years to less than 12 years of age . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 8 ml / kg body weight . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check how your blood is working . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . your doctor or nurse will give you the injections into your eye by using the injections into the eyes ( known as an intravenous infusion ). it must not be injected into a eye . this is usually done by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with eyes or eyes . your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine into your eye ( intravitreal injections ) into your eye by your eye doctor . this is to make sure that you have the right dose . your doctor or nurse will give you the injections into your eye by your eye doctor . this is to make sure that you have the right dose . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to use the injections and the other instructions for use are provided at the end of this leaflet ( see ' handling instructions '). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will give kepivance to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this chemotherapy . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given kepivance as a drip ( intra - venous vein ). the recommended dose is 60 micrograms per kilogram of body weight , given once every 60 minutes . if you have not been 60 questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this chemotherapy . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given kepivance as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over 60 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 60 minutes . you will be monitored while you are given zessly and also for 60 minutes after each course of chemotherapy . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablets with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is recommended that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablets with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . it is recommended that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more jentadueto than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take individual_tablets if you forget to take a tablet , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablet ( s ) whole , you may crush the tablet with a drink of water . do not crush or crush the tablet . if you take more cimetidine than you should if you take too many tablets , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice straight away . show them the pack of tablets . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to take nizatidine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 1000 mg tablet of rosiglitazone and 1000 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of rosiglitazone and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of rosiglitazone and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for rosiglitazone : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg or 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 2 months ), your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the child ' s doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of rosiglitazone is 1000 mg ( as two 1000 mg tablet in one day or two 1000 mg tablets ) once a day as advised by your doctor . depending on how you respond to rosiglitazone , your dose may be increased to 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or one tablet of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for rosiglitazone : the dose is 1000 mg per day ( as two 1000 mg tablet in one day or two 1000 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ), followed by 1000 mg ( as two 1000 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 1000 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or one tablet of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 2 months ), the recommended starting dose is 1000 mg ( as two 1000 mg tablet in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 1000 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or one tablet of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 2 months ), the recommended starting dose is 1000 mg ( as two 1000 mg tablet in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 1000 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or one tablet of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 2 months ), the recommended starting dose is 1000 mg ( as two 1000 mg tablet in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 1000 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or one tablet of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 2 months ), the recommended starting dose is 1000 mg ( as two 1000 mg tablet in one day or as two 1000 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ), followed by 1000 mg ( as two 1000 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 1000 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 1000 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 1000 mg or one tablet of 1000 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 1000 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 2 months ), the recommended starting dose is 1000 mg ( as two 1000 mg tablet in one day or two 1000 mg tablets ) once a day as advised by your doctor . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the child
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet once a day . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given rapiscan as a injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or dizziness depends on your blood pressure , your general condition , weight and how well you feel . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of your_weight is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . if you feel that the effect of 100 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . it is recommended that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one 100 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . do not take more than the recommended dose . you should take this medicine with a light meal once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you should not take viagra more than once a day . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more sildenafil ratiopharm than you should tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you take more than the amount of this medicine . if you forget to take ambrisentan mylan if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking libertek do not stop taking this medicine without consulting your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of sifrol is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take pramipexole accord with or without food . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : - take one tablet with a glass of water . do not crush or crush the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . do not crush or crush the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . do not use any other liquids . do not crush or crush the tablets . if you take more pramipexole accord than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take pramipexole_salt if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember , then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking pramipexole accord do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking olanzapine accord for as long as your doctor has told you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in adults your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to emadine . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to emadine . method and route of administration emadine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open or cut the bottle . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of eye_ointments at a time
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of levetiracetam_actavis for adults and older people is 16 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 16 half a tablet every other day and day 1 , 000 mg 3 tablets in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening > therapy_dose in the evening , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 3 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 1 tablet of 250 mg in the morning and one tablet of 250 mg in
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to take use in adults your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of xoterna breezhaler to take and how long you should continue to take them . this is to check that you are being given the right dose . this is to help you get the full risk of side effects . you can use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_copd_symptoms are experienced . your doctor may prescribe a different inhaler schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly your doctor may prescribe a different dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose . do not take more than your doctor tells you to . you should use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of breathlessness . if you take more elebrato breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take elebrato ellipta if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using elebrato ellipta do not stop using your medicine without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to inject the usual starting dose is one 12 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ) using a pre - filled syringe and it should be given at least 1 hour after the last dose of injections . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . - do not attempt to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . if you use more injections than you should talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use injections if you have forgotten to give yourself an injection you should inject the next dose as soon as you remember , unless it is nearly time for the next dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using eporatio before you stop using this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of ninlaro for adults and adolescents over the age of 22 years is 22 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily multiple_myeloma treatment scheme : week 1 half a 22 skin tablet week 1 one 22 mg tablet week 2 one 22 mg tablet week 2 one 22 mg tablet week 2 one 22 mg tablet week 2 one and a half tablets of lenalidomide once a week week 22 mg once a week week 22 mg once a week week 22 mg once a week week 22 mg once a week or 2 skin once a week as an injection under the skin . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are treated with lenalidomide , you should continue with this while you are taking lenalidomide . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for further instructions on how to inject yourself with lenalidomide , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not shake lenalidomide vigorously as this may affect its activity . if you use more lenalidomide than you should if you have accidentally taken too much lenalidomide , tell your doctor straight away . if you forget to take lenalidomide if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking lenalidomide do not stop taking deferasirox accord without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above - mentioned indications . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of palforzia depends on your age and body weight and will be calculated by your doctor . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week day day day day 1.5 day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day 1 dose after the first day , your doctor will decide how long you should be treated for . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take zerene exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in treating patients with 65 years and above . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in treating patients with 65 years and above . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in treating patients with 65 years and above . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in treating patients with 65 years and above . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years or older . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you
