your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above - mentioned indications . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended starting dose is 3 capsules ( 3 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 2 separate doses . this means taking 8 capsules in the morning then 48 hours in the evening . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more incivo than you should if you have taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take ribavirin accord do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of zinbryta you will be given will be worked out by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you 2 mg of injections under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into your thigh or upper arm . the recommended dose is back in the upper back of the thigh and the back of the back of the thigh ( back to the back of your back and the back of your arm or back into your back or upper arm ). if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to give this medicine to the other area of your skin . make sure that the patch is inserted into your stomach and the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your back or the back of your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not stick the patch into the skin or back to the other side of the skin . make sure the patch is touching the skin and the back of the back of your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch is touching the skin or the back of your stomach . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch is touching the skin or the back of your stomach . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the edges of the patch is touching the skin or the back of your stomach . make sure the edges of the patch stick to the skin . do not touch the sticky side of the patch with your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch stick to the skin . make sure the patch is touching the skin and the back of the back of your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch is touching the skin or the back of the back of your stomach . make sure that the edges of the patch is touching the skin or the back of the back of the skin . make sure the patch is touching the skin and the
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 50 mg film - coated tablet once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 50 mg tablet once a day . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . wilzin is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or crush the tablet . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with biktarvy should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with advanced_liver_disease . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with biktarvy should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with advanced_liver_disease . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with biktarvy should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with advanced_liver_disease . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with biktarvy should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with advanced_liver_disease . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 4 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 2 capsules ( 300 mg ). you will usually take 2 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting starting dose is iron mg , to be taken as 1 tablet of this_medicine iron mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is aluminium mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of this_medicine per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor prescribes it . do not stop your treatment unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor right away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with novonorm will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with some water . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more novonorm than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) from the upper arm or muscle . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper arm . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse . 3 months after the first dose , the second dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . the second dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . the second dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of somakit_toc to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of somakit_toc to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken as 10 mg ) in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may decide to start treatment with a dose of 10 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more afinitor than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for laventair_ellipta days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this_medicine are experienced . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use this medicine . do not try to use your inhaler at the same time each day . this will help control your symptoms throughout the day and night . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden feel_shaky of breathlessness or a_headache . if you are using this medicine yourself , you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are using an inhaler , you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over breathless years of age ), you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over breathless years of age ), you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over breathless years of age ), you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over breathless years of age ), you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over breathless years of age ), you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over breathless years of age ), you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of this medicine . contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how much tremfya is given the doctor will decide the dose that is right for you . the dose of 100 mg is based on your body weight . the usual starting dose is 100 mg given as one injection in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 4 injections once a day for 4 consecutive days . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease the dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose may be increased or decreased depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 100 mg once a month for 4 months . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 100 mg once a month for 4 months . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you are being treated for psoriasis the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 4 injections once a month . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the first dose is 100 mg , given once a month . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 100 mg , depending on how you respond to the injections . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , followed by 4 mg per kg of body weight . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 100 mg , depending on how you respond to the injections . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the recommended starting dose is 100 mg , followed by 4 mg per kg of body weight . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 100 mg , depending on how you respond to the injections . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the recommended starting dose is 100 mg , followed by 4 mg per kg of body weight . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 100 mg , depending on how you respond to the injections . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
trepulmix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of infusion . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . trepulmix is given as an infusion into a infusion ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of at least one week . your doctor will decide how long you will be treated for . your doctor will decide how long you should use trepulmix and for how long you will need to receive trepulmix . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 24 micrograms per kilogram of body weight each day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you should use it . the maximum daily dose is 3 sprays per kilogram of body mouth each day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long you need to take it and for how long you need to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the foreskin inhaler . do not cover the treated area with any other type of medicine . continue to inject this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . do not change the dose or stop the treatment yourself without talking to your doctor . if you take more senstend than you should if you have applied too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use aldara cream if you miss a dose , apply cream as soon as you remember and then continue in your regular schedule . do not apply the cream more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer opdivo to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given opdivo as a drip ( intravenous infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you have been given more nivolumab accord than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you have been given too much nivolumab accord , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a gmbh per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 28x1 tablets pack size , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of clopidogrel 1a by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a d . v . do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much tacforius you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for transplantation , your doctor will have told you exactly how many tablets to take . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for transplantation , your doctor will have told you exactly how many capsules to take . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for transplantation , your doctor will have told you exactly how many capsules to take . if you have the impression that the effect of telmisartan teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for transplantation , the usual dose is 0 . 20 mg per kg body weight per day depending on the transplanted organ . when treating rejection , these same doses may be continued . depending on your general response , your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking incresync unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , speak with your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel hexal ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 7 , 14 , 28 and 84 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of this medicine . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much yttriga you need and for how long you will need to take them . the maximum daily dose is 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the pemetrexed sandoz with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you are given too much bortezomib hospira as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much bortezomib hospira as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of an overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the thigh ( thigh ), or in the upper shoulder ( thigh ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel . adults from 2 to 72 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the upper thigh or the front of the deltoid_muscle ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a shoulder or lower dose . the recommended dose is 2 mg for every kg of body weight , injected under the thigh ( subcutaneous use ). adults from 2 to 72 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml is given as a single injection into a shoulder layer . the vaccine should never be injected into a shoulder or lower dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . rheumatoid arthritis the usual starting dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn ' s disease the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , psoriasis , ulcerative colitis , ankylosing spondylitis or axial spondyloarthritis including ankylosing spondylitis the usual dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how remicade is given this medicine is for intravenous use only . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose of rasagiline_mylan . take the tablet at the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . swallow the capsules whole with a drink of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . do not crush or crush the capsules . if you take more rasagiline_mylan than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take diacomit if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take the dose as soon as you remember on the same day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of hulio for adults and adolescents over 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 4 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing 40 kg or more first dose of 160 mg , followed by 80 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 80 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 20 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 80 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing less than 40 kg first dose of 40 mg , followed by 80 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a
your doctor or nurse will administer yellox to you by a doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 2 drop in each nostril once a day in the morning and evening . the recommended dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents yellox can be used in children and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years of age . use in children and adolescents yellox can be used in children and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years of age . use in children and adolescents yellox can be used in children and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents yellox can be used in children and adolescents is not recommended to be used in children . if you use more pecfent than you should if you accidentally take more xromi than your doctor has recommended , talk to your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use tegsedi if you miss a dose , apply the next dose as soon as you remember and then go back to your regular schedule . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using leganto do not stop using tegsedi without first talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 10 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 10 mg , once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of dzuveo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take ambrisentan mylan at the same time each day will help you remember when to take them . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice . do not crush or chew the tablet . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately , or contact your nearest hospital casualty department , taking the medicine with you . if you forget to take ambrisentan mylan if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 60 mg tablet once daily by mouth , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more qtern than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . if you use more tegsedi than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use tegsedi continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using tegsedi do not stop using tegsedi without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 12 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 1 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking forxiga , your blood sugar may go up . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . do not take this medicine with any other medicine . remember to take all medicines as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your diabetes , you still need to follow the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking this medicine . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take mepact exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 12 mg twice a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 36 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 36 mg once a day ( equivalent to a maximum of 12 mg ) per day . if you have the impression that the effect of mepact is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take mepact at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . always take the tablet with water and swallow it whole . even if you feel better , do not alter or discontinue the daily dose of chills without first consulting your doctor . if you take more yentreve than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take yentreve if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of yentreve , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking yentreve suddenly stopping your treatment with yentreve may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your tablets just after the doctor ' s advice . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with mirvaso will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to determine how long you should use it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor will tell you how many sprays you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . your doctor will tell you how much mirvaso you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . your doctor will tell you how many sprays you need to take and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different inhaler for you . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . patients with kidney disease if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take airexar spiromax for as long as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more airexar spiromax than you should if you have inhaled too much airexar spiromax or if someone else accidentally takes your tablets , contact your doctor or hospital for advice immediately . you may need medical attention . if you forget to take airexar spiromax do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the amount of mvasi you will be given will be worked out by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . mvasi is given by a doctor or nurse under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will decide how abseamed is working for you . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to see how your anaemia is responding and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . administration of treatment your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will perform appropriate blood tests to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the vein . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will perform a blood tests to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right dose for you . your doctor will test your blood to make sure that you have the right amount for you . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may need to give you a lower dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children aged 4 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children aged 4 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children aged 4 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 65 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 15 mg tablet taken by mouth once daily . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more supportive_care than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take supportive_care if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day for 6 or 6 weeks . after 6 weeks , your doctor may adjust the dose to one tablet each day . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . orkambi is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more the_forgotten_tablets than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take controloc control do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking verzenios do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet once a day for mouth , one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 12 months ), your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose is 150 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 12 kg to less than 150 kg first dose of 150 mg , followed by 150 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 150 mg every other week . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 12 months ), your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose is 150 mg every other week . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 12 months ), your doctor will decide the dose that is right for you . the dose is 150 mg every other week . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 12 months ), your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose is 150 mg every other week . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg or 2 tablets of 150 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 150 mg in the evening .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet twice a day by mouth . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can also take them with or without food . the capsules should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take peel the same patch onto your thumb on the same day on the same day each week . it is best to stick the new patch onto your thumb and evening . try to take the patch at the same time each day . it will also help you to remember to take it . to help you remember to take it , you may find it easier to take it off the same day on the same day on the same day each week . it is best to stick the patch on the same day each week on the next day . it is best to stick the patch on the same day each week . it is best to stick the patch on the same day each week . you can also stick the patch into your thumb and the evening , upper back , upper back , upper back , back the upper back of the patch . back to the patch onto your thumb and the other side of your back and the back of the back to the back of your back and the back of the back of your back to the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back to the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of your back and the back of the back of the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with irregular_periods . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . your doctor will decide how much ovaleap you need and for how long you will need to inject it and for how long you need to inject it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the injections . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should only be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( thigh ). the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm or thigh . the vaccine will be injected into a blood_vessel ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . vaccine will be given to you as an injection into a muscle ( intramuscular injection ) in the upper arm or thigh ( thigh ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
this medicine is only to be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the doctor treating your doctor will decide on the dose of bondronat . this is based on your age and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 3 mg for every kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may then increase or decrease your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may recommend a lower dose . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems , your doctor may recommend a lower dose . your doctor may change your dose of this medicine if your kidney function is reduced . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your treatment with zeposia will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron disease . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is one 3 mg tablet per day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows the number of treatment cycles will vary depending on the size of the history of your disease . during the first week , the recommended dose is 14 mg / kg body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will be based on your height and weight . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment you will receive . depending on the results of your disease , your doctor may decide to then increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows the number of treatment cycles is 3 days per week . you will be observed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . during the first week , your doctor will start temozolomide hexal at a dose of 7 or 14 days for 14 days , depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor or nurse experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . during the first week of treatment , your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you feel that the effect of temybric_ellipta is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 24 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you feel that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 24 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 600 mg once a day for 7 days . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your illness and kidneys . the recommended dose is 12 mg for every kilogram of body weight . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 600 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 600 mg , to be taken as 12 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 12 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day for 7 days , followed by 12 mg per kg body weight once a week for 7 days . the dose may be increased or decreased depending on your blood counts and how you respond to treatment . the maximum recommended daily dose is 12 mg for each kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 12 mg per kilogram body weight for every kilogram of body weight , once a day . the doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the maximum recommended daily dose is 12 mg for each kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 12 mg per kg body weight , taken once a day . if you are being treated for hes / mpd : the starting dose is 12 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day or 7 mg per kg body weight once a week for 7 days . the doctor may decide to increase the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the maximum recommended daily dose is 12 mg for each kilogram of body weight . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin mylan is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose of 150 mg is one 600 mg tablet once a day . if you are being treated for chronic epilepsy : the starting dose is 150 mg , to be taken as 600 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose should not exceed one tablet of 600 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over epilepsy ), your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . for generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose is one 600 mg tablet once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of one tablet once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 150 years of age ), you should take this medicine normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more pregabalin accord than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take pregabalin accord if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin accord do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once a day by mouth , with or without food . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is 100 mg by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , your dose may be lower . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 50 mg tablet once daily . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 2 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 2 mg tablet of 2 tablets in the morning then 2 tablets in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking 1,000 , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ) general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking temozolomide teva , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ) general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking temozolomide teva , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking temozolomide teva , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ) general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet once a week . enthesitis - infectious uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your child ' s doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 80 mg two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day or two 40 mg injections per day for two consecutive days ), followed by 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week your doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 20 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . method and route of administration amsparity is administered by injection under the skin ( by subcutaneous injection ). detailed instructions on how to inject methotrexate are provided in section 7 , " instructions for use ". if you use more amsparity than you should if you accidentally inject your child with amsparity more frequently than you should , call your child ' s doctor or pharmacist and explain that your child has taken more than required . always take the outer carton of the medicine with you , even if it is empty . if you forget to use amsparity if you forget to give your child an amsparity injection , you should inject the next dose of amsparity as soon as you remember . then take your child ' s next dose as you would have on your originally scheduled day , had you not forgotten a dose . if you stop using amsparity the decision to stop using amsparity should be discussed with your child ' s doctor . your child ' s symptoms may return upon stopping stopping_treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 5 mg capsule twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine accord should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . if you take more capecitabine accord than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . children should not take capecitabine accord should not be given to children under 4 years of age . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take capecitabine accord if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . do not take more than one capsule in the morning and one tablet in the evening . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 4 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower the symptoms of an increase in your blood . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsule whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine you should talk to your doctor first . it is important that you do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of telmisartan teva pharma b . v . is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take telmisartan teva pharma every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 20 years of age ), you should
always use this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one inhalation in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or higher dose to a maximum of 5 micrograms once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started at a dose of 12 mg / kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 75 ml per kg body weight ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will calculate the correct dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have dissolved the lid on how to prepare and inject this medicine . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not ovulating , have no further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much to take always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one vein in the morning and one tablet in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of praxbind is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to take adults your doctor will work out your dose of praxbind . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the development of resistance to praxbind . if you are given more praxbind than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is very unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given this medicine , contact your doctor or nurse straight away . if you forget to use this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take temomedac exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of 100 mg or 100 mg or 100 mg once a day . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your condition . the temozolomide hexal dose may be delayed , delayed or stopped depending on your blood counts and how you tolerate your medicine during each course . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg , followed by 200 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 200 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 200 mg , depending on how you respond to chemotherapy . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg , followed by 200 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 200 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 200 mg , depending on how you respond to chemotherapy . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg , followed by 200 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 200 mg every other week . depending on your response , your doctor may increase the dose to 200 mg , depending on how you respond to chemotherapy . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of temozolomide hexal will be 200 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take cialis at the same time each day . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take the tablets with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take cialis . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more blood_alcohol_level than you should if you have taken too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take blood_alcohol_level if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take this medicine with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is recommended that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking enyglid . if you take more semglee than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , or if someone else has taken your tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could a_hypo below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar a_hypo , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take semglee if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of azacitidine_mylan . this is based on your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 4 mg / m2 body surface area ( equivalent to a maximum of 3 mg / kg body surface area ) given every 4 weeks . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much this_medicine as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the usual starting dose is 15 drop in each affected eye each day . if you have a kidney problem , your doctor may prescribe a higher dose ( 50 mg ) in the affected eye or 4 capsules in the evening . method of use take the number of capsules at the same time each day . swallow the capsules whole with a large glass of water . do not open or cut the drop on a small amount . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the nose . gently press the bottle firmly into the corner of your eyelid . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the nose and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the nose and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the nose and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the nose . gently press the plunger to release one drop of the medicine . gently press the plunger to release one drop of the medicine into the corner of your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the nose and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently press the plunger to gently go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . gently squeeze the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently press the plunger to release one drop of the medicine . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently press the plunger to gently go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the nose and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the nose and your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the body . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of the medicine . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one
the dose of nplate is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor ix levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the dose of nuwiq is calculated depending on your body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for major bleeding in particular , the usual dose is 1 . 1 mg per kg body weight , given three times per week . if necessary , your doctor may adjust your dose and frequency of dosing depending on how you respond to the treatment . patients with bleeding if you have been told by your doctor that you have developed factor viii inhibitors you may need to use a larger amount of this medicine to control bleeding . if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for major bleeding in particular , the usual dose is 1 . 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight per day depending on the severity of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for major bleeding in particular , the usual dose is 1 . 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight per day depending on the severity of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for major bleeding in particular , the usual dose is 1 . 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight per day depending on the severity of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for major bleeding in particular , the usual dose is 1 . 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight per day depending on the severity of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for major bleeding in particular , the usual dose is 1 . 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight per day depending on the severity of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for major bleeding in particular , the usual dose is 1 . 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight per day depending on the severity of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have the impression that the effect of nuwiq is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for major bleeding in particular , the usual dose is 1 . 1 to 17 iu per kg body weight per day depending on the severity of the factor viii levels in the blood . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to take the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale capsules with or without food . how long to take seebri breezhaler continue taking xoterna breezhaler every day for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use ulunar breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 sprays in each nostril once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to 2 sprays in each nostril once a day . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to adasuve . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to adasuve . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to adasuve . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to adasuve . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to adasuve . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to adasuve . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to adasuve . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will prescribe the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your eye . if you do not respond adequately to this medicine , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to take a smaller dose of your medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to give you the dose . do not try to take your eye dose more than once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to adasuve . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will prescribe the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your eye . if you do not respond adequately to this medicine , your doctor may prescribe a higher dose . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you accidentally take more medicine than your doctor has recommended , contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately for advice . keep the medicine container with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take cinacalcet mylan
your doctor will work out your dose of azacitidine_betapharm . this is based on your height and weight ( body surface area ). the usual starting dose is 4 mg / m2 body surface area ( equivalent to a maximum of 3 mg / kg body surface area ) given every 4 weeks . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given too much this_medicine as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the amount of cerdelga you will be given will be worked out by your doctor by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is finger into a finger by your doctor or a nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you swallow the tablets into a finger by your doctor or nurse . swallow the tablet with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the treated area . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the treated area . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the treated area . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the treated area . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the treated area . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the treated area . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the treated area . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the treated area . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the treated area . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not attempt or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not shake or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not attempt to attempt to touch the treated area . swallow the tablets whole with a small amount of water . do not attempt to crush or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not shake or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not shake or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not shake or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not shake or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not shake or crush the tablets . swallow the tablets with a small amount of water . do not shake or crush the tablets . if you are given more finger than you should if you accidentally accidentally takes too much finger , contact your doctor or nurse immediately . if you forget to take finger do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
zoledronic_acid_hospira will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this dehydration . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given bisphosphonates_intravenously as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of about 15 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse . how much zoledronic acid teva is given if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid teva every three to four weeks . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take varuby . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more varuby than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take swallow the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to inhale the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use atectura breezhaler twice a day , in the morning and evening , in the evening , at about the same time each day . you should inhale xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of enerzair_breezhaler . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino gmbh if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel acino gmbh , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may recommend you a lower dose . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . certain_medicines is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you have been told to take , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , just take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine you should talk to your doctor before you stop taking this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 mg three times a day ( taken 30 mg ) in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 2 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg twice a day for the first 4 days of the first treatment week . this daily daily dose of this medicine is 2 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease the number of treatment depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with zelboraf will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with duoplavin will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of bleeding . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of a_double_dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower the level of sugar in your blood . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take duoplavin . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower the level of sugar in your blood . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have accidentally taken too many medicine , or if someone else has taken your medicine , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day , once in the evening , at about the same time each day . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you have problems with your eye or other medicines , talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are using other medicines . medicines to open the usual dose of simbrinza is one drop in the affected eye once a day , once in the evening , at about the same time each day . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you have problems with your eye or other medicines , such as serious_side_effects or breathing_difficulties . your doctor may prescribe other medicines you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you are being treated for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia when you are using simbrinza in combination with other medicines the usual starting dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have the impression that the effect of simbrinza is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents medicines can be used in children and adolescents aged sleepiness years and above . if you use more drops than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use drops continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using drops do not stop using rhokiinsa without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
filgrastim_ratiopharm will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the management of patients with weigh . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . filgrastim_ratiopharm is given as an weigh weigh into a weigh ( known as an intravenous infusion ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). the usual dose varies depending on your illness and weight . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and adjust the dose and number of long_term_treatment in your blood . your doctor will test your blood tests to see how your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 12 mg tablet twice a day by mouth . the tablet should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important to take the tablet at the same time each day . the tablet should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important to take the tablet at the same time each day . the tablet should be swallowed whole with food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablet should be swallowed whole with water . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you take more the_tablets than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets by mistake , drink a full glass of milk and contact your doctor immediately for advice . do not make yourself sick . if you forget to take enzepi give the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 240 mg , to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have not been given this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for subcutaneous use are provided at the end of this leaflet ( see section " how to self - inject emgality "). if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and give the injection . detailed instructions for subcutaneous use are given at the end of this leaflet . if you use more your_skin_(subcutaneous_injection than you should if you accidentally inject too much 240 capsules , contact a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to use 240 if you forget to inject a dose of this medicine , inject the dose as soon as you remember . if it is within 240 hours before the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine by a slow injection into a nurse . it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a nurse . this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine by a slow injection ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine is for adults and children aged 18 years and over at least 21 kg and for at least 21 days . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with daklinza will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 20 mg per kilogram of body weight . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 12 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose may be adjusted during treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently or permanently stop you or your caregiver if you experience serious side effects . your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently if you experience certain side effects . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose may be adjusted during treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your dose may be adjusted during treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately , or contact your nearest hospital casualty department , taking the medicine with you . if you forget to take nevirapine teva do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just take your next dose at the usual time . if you stop taking piqray stopping your treatment with piqray may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to stop . stopping your treatment may stop the effect of the medicine . do not stop treatment unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine should never be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the muscle ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the muscle ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the muscle ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the muscle ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the muscle ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the muscle ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the muscle ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel or into the muscle ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule a day . try to take the capsule at the same time each day . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the capsule whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to hands . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the capsule whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take the capsules . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . if you take more tegsedi than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take tegsedi if you forget to take a dose , continue taking the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use xoterna breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of an_inhaler_and_capsules_(in_blisters) . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of seebri breezhaler is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). - dispose of the inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale the capsules more than once per day . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide the dose of riximyo you will receive . this dose and duration will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 6 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 6 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor will decide how long you will receive treatment depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of riximyo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 6 mg / m2 body surface area twice a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of riximyo is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may then want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( infusion ) into a a_powder ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 30 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . you will be given an infusion ( drip ) into a a_powder ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 30 minutes . the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . you will be given an infusion ( drip ) into a a_powder ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of rivastigmine_hexal is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take rivastigmine zentiva gmbh with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take rivastigmine actavis gmbh every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of rivastigmine teva is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over hallucinations of slow_heartbeat ), your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . if you take more rivastigmine zentiva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take rivastigmine actavis if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of rivastigmine teva , wait and take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with cabometyx has been prescribed by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with serious_side_effects . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will have prescribed the correct dose of pemetrexed_hospira for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . your doctor will calculate your dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed lilly powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . you will always receive pemetrexed lilly by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when using cisplatin in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . cisplatin is usually given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using cisplatin in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . additional infusion : cisplatin is given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 30 minutes . you should usually receive your infusion once every 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience seizures . your doctor will decide on the dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your condition . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience seizures . your doctor will decide on the dose that is right for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended starting dose is 5 drop in each nostril once a day . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor and will be calculated by your doctor . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . use in children and adolescents ganfort can be used in adolescents and children aged 5 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience seizures . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience seizures . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with hae . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience seizures . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience seizures . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience seizures . your doctor will decide on the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should only be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience in your eye . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your condition . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . your doctor will evaluate the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by your doctor and will be calculated by your doctor to define the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your condition . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your eye . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 20 mg tablet once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or crush the tablet . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
reblozyl will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given reblozyl as a weigh ( injection ) into a weigh of your weigh injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor will work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetrexed hexal powder with 3 mg / ml ( 0 . 3 ml ) given at a dose of 0 . 3 ml / ml ( 0 . 5 ml ) given at a dose of 0 . 3 ml / kg . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and may adjust the dose , depending on how your blood responds to the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 1 - mg capsule each day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 capsules a day . if you have the impression that the effect of a_forgotten_capsule is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the capsules at the same time each day . you can take them with or without food . the capsules should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take the capsules with food as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 1 and 4 weeks after your last dose of capsules . the capsules should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . do not open or crush the capsules . if you cannot swallow the capsules whole , talk to your doctor . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . try to take the capsules at the same time each day . you can take them with or without food . the capsules should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take the capsules with food as instructed by your doctor . if you take more glivec than you should if you accidentally take too many capsules , contact your doctor immediately . children should not take more capsules than your doctor tells you to . contact your doctor if you take more tablets than you should . if you forget to take revestive if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take stribild exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for children and adolescents ( from 18 years of age ), the usual dose is one tablet ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for patients with kidney problems if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . stribild is for oral use . you should swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take antacids if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking medicines you should talk to your doctor before you stop taking this medicine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of zyprexa zyprexa zyprexa europe is 5 mg once a day . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 20 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of zyprexa jensonr is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 5 years of age ), you should take zyprexa zentiva normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , sweating , fever , muscle stiffness , sweating , muscle stiffness , sweating , muscle stiffness , aspiration , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , abnormal rhythms of the heart . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if you experience any of the above symptoms . show the doctor your pack of tablets . if you forget to take zyprexa velotab take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets just because you feel better . it is important that you carry on taking zyprexa velotab for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking olanzapine accord , symptoms such as sweating , unable to sleep , tremor , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with prolia will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will have told you exactly how much injections to take and how long you will need to take them . your doctor or nurse will tell you how much prolia you need and for how long you will need to take injections . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long you need to take it . your doctor or nurse will tell you how much injections to take and how long you will need to take injections . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long you need to take injections . your doctor or nurse will tell you how much injections to take and how long you will need to take injections . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long you need to take injections . your doctor or nurse will tell you how much injections to take and how long you will need to take injections . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long you need to take injections . your doctor or nurse will tell you how much injections to take and how long you will need to take injections . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long you need to take injections . your doctor or nurse will tell you how much injections to take and how long you will need to take injections . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long you will need to take injections . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long you will need to take injections . your doctor will tell you how much injections you need and for how long you will need to take injections . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take calcium . your doctor will tell you how long you
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with arm . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . ambirix is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injection into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injections into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injections into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injections into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injections into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injections into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injections into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injections into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . your doctor or nurse will give you the injections into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein . the infusion will not be given into a vein or into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . the_vaccine infants ( age 11 years and older ) the recommended dose is 2 mg / kg for up to 6 months after the first dose and the third dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between doses . the first injection will be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . the first dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . each injection will be given at least one month after the first dose and the third dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . each injection will be given at least one month after the first dose and the third dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . each injection will be given at least one month after the first dose and the third dose should be given after an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose . each injection will be given at least one month apart . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 1 mg / kg body weight ). this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsules whole . do not chew , crush or crush the capsules . if you take more nitisinone_mdk than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take qtern if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is almost time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
docetaxel accord will be administered to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given docetaxel_accord as a drip ( infusion ) into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 or 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel mylan . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your treatment with this medicine is being initiated by a doctor who is experienced in the above - mentioned indications . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 0.12 per day . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg per kilogram body weight per day depending on blood pressure response . patients with high blood pressure and type 4 diabetes with kidney disease in patients with high blood pressure and type 4 diabetes , 4 mg per kilogram body weight for patients receiving regular blood transfusions , 4 mg per kilogram body weight for patients receiving regular blood transfusions , 4 mg per kilogram body weight per day depending on blood pressure response . method and route of administration treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 4 mg per kilogram body weight per day depending on blood pressure response . patients with high blood pressure and type 4 diabetes with kidney disease in patients with high blood pressure and type 4 diabetes , 7 mg per kilogram body weight for patients receiving regular blood transfusions , 4 mg per kilogram body weight for patients receiving regular blood transfusions , 4 mg per kilogram body weight per day depending on blood pressure response . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section 4 : " monitoring your treatment " " side effects " in section 4 ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ecalta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be given will be calculated based on your weight and your body weight . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you should receive . ecalta is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 1 hour . the infusion will last approximately 3 hours . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your doctor will calculate your dose depending on your weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor viii levels will depend on the severity and location of the bleeding . prevention of bleeding the usual dose of 50 iu is 40 to 40 iu per kg body weight , given every 2 to 2 days . however , in some cases , especially in younger patients , shorter dosing intervals or higher doses may be necessary . use in children and adolescents bleeding can be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents bleeding must not be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . use in children and adolescents bleeding must not be used in children and adolescents of all ages . in children below the age of 2 years , higher doses or more frequent injections may be needed . if you use more helixate nexgen than you should no cases of bleeding have been reported . if you have injected more than you should , contact your doctor . if you forget to use helixate nexgen proceed with your next dose immediately and continue at regular intervals as advised by your doctor . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 250 mg per kg body weight , given three times per day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per kg body weight per day depending on blood pressure response . your doctor will regularly monitor your blood regularly to see how the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . method and route of administration swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the capsules . if you take more qtern than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take xenical if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember provided this is within one hour of the next meal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to copd . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to copd . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to copd . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to copd . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to copd . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to copd . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to copd . your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose depending on how you respond to symptoms . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 22 years of age ), you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take one tablet by mouth . swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . do not crush or crush the tablet . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take emtricitabine if you miss a dose , just take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking emtricitabine do not stop taking emtricitabine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer orgalutran to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given orgalutran as a drip ( intra - venous finger ). the usual starting dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight twice a week . your doctor may decide to then increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . method and route of administration pressure is administered by injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and give the injection . it is important to follow the instructions at the end of this leaflet . please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet . if you forget to use tegsedi if you forget to give yourself an injection you should inject the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will decide the dose of blitzima you will receive . this dose and duration will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be given is 6 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that you will be given will depend on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is corticosteroids ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
roactemra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given roactemra as a drip ( a vein ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 12 hours . the recommended dose is 12 mg / kg every 8 hours . your doctor may decide to give you a single dose of 12 mg / kg . if you are given more roactemra than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you are concerned that you may have been given too much corticosteroids , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with onbrez_breezhaler will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with a_headache . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 150 mg , to be taken as 300 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 150 mg , to be taken as 150 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking xoterna breezhaler until your doctor tells you to stop . how much to take your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take them . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take them . do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you take more xoterna breezhaler than you should if you have accidentally taken too many capsules , talk to your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take elebrato breezhaler if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel hexal ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel hexal if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine by a slow drip ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for single use only . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 2 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse . how much to use your doctor will decide how much fetcroja you need and for how long you will be given this medicine . this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . if you are given more fetcroja than you should this medicine will be given by a doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
depocyte will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of treating cancer . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . depocyte is given as an injections just under the injections ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as a subcutaneous injection ). it can also be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( known as an intravenous infusion ). the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to withdrawal . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to withdrawal . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to withdrawal . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to withdrawal . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to withdrawal . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . withdrawal ) if you are being treated for withdrawal / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for withdrawal / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for withdrawal / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for withdrawal / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for withdrawal / mpd : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 25 mg , to be taken as 5 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes /
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in elderly your doctor will tell you how many capsules you need to inhale . - when you first start using zimbus breezhaler , your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one , one inhalation twice a day . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of the inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more zimbus breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , and you may have a headache . if you forget to use xoterna breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then inhale the next dose at the usual time on the next day . do not inhale a double dose to make up for a forgotten inhaler . if you stop using zimbus breezhaler do not stop using zimbus breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day as described above . you should take this medicine for at least 32 . do not take more than the recommended dose of one tablet per day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel apotex ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day as described above . you should take this medicine for at least 32 . 5 kg or more , once a day , once in the morning and in the evening , at about the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel apotex ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . then take your next dose at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once a day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may reduce your dose to one tablet each week . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose to a maximum of your_infection . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may recommend a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet . if you take more qtern than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take trobalt if you have missed a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of nespo for adults and older people is 500 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of blood clots in your blood , the usual dose is 500 mg / m2 body surface area . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose is 10 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose is 10 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose is 10 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose is 10 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose is 10 mg / kg body weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood pressure response . the usual dose is 10 g / kg body weight per day . if you have the impression that the effect of blood_samples is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for children and adolescents ( from 10 years to less than 12 years of age ), your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of adequate tests . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor may reduce your dose , e . g ., to one tablet per day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of iron_supplements is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are from a special diet for unwell , you should discuss this with your doctor . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
macugen will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of injections . injections will be given to you by a doctor or nurse in a hospital . your doctor or nurse will give macugen to you by a doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . injections will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide how much macugen you need and for how long . adults and children aged 6 years and older the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . your doctor will decide how much macugen you need and for how long . adults and children aged 6 years and older the recommended dose is 6 mg for every kg of body weight . for children and adolescents ( 6 to 9 years of age ) the recommended dose is 6 sprays in each nostril once a day for up to 6 months . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this chemotherapy . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given kepivance as a vein ( intra - venous vein ). adults and adolescents the recommended dose of radiotherapy is 60 mg per kilogram of body weight , given once every 60 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse . radiotherapy will usually be given to you by a doctor or nurse . you may be given iron supplements before and during kepivance treatment to make it more effective . you will also be given radiotherapy before the start of chemotherapy . adults and adolescents the recommended dose of radiotherapy is 60 mg per kilogram of your body weight given once every 60 week . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take cinacalcet_accordpharma exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablets with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not crush or crush the tablets . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them up and pour the powder into a glass of still water or apple juice . it is recommended that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . you should swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . if you take more jentadueto than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take qtern if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew or crush the tablet . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you are unable to swallow the capsules , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : - do not crush or crush the tablet . if you take more a_medicine than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take ambrisentan mylan if you miss a dose , take the missed dose as soon as you remember but do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you stop taking tracleer suddenly stopping your treatment with ranitidine may cause your disease to get worse . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 1000 mg tablet once a day for 2 weeks , followed by 2 mg rosiglitazone in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 1000 mg tablet of rosiglitazone per day as described above . you should take this medicine every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take the usual starting dose is one tablet of avandamet 1000 mg each day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 8 years of age ), you should take two tablets in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 8 years of age ), you should take the_maximum_dose normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the tablets whole with water
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( 4 tablets of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel 1a pharma per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straightaway and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 7 , 14 , 28 and 84 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of clopidogrel 1a by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day for 5 days . the dose may be gradually increased to the recommended dose for adolescents of 40 mg once a day for 5 days . the dose may be increased up to 20 mg a day based on your response to 20 mg . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take this medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the heart of patients with flushing . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . rapiscan is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide how much rapiscan you need and for how long you will need to inject rapiscan . the daily dose that you will be given will depend on your weight . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose will depend on your weight and your doctor . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . the dose will be calculated depending on your weight and body weight and on your own . if you have the impression that the effect of rapiscan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more rapiscan than you should treating your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take viagra exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 50 mg and 50 mg each day . if you have the impression that the effect of 100 mg is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take viagra with or without food . if you have the impression that the effect of viagra is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more viagra than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you forget to take 100 mg if you forget to take a dose of 100 mg , take the dose as soon as you remember . then take your next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take sifrol with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 2 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 4 tablets ( 3 mg ), taken in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of tablets 2 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of tablets 2 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of tablets 2 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of tablets 2 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of tablets 2 tablets in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of tablets once a day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . if you have the impression that the effect of tablets is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a week depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a week depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a week depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a week depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a week depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have kidney disease , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of tablets is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has told you to use . if you use more tegsedi than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you forget to use tegsedi continue with the next dose as planned . do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using tegsedi do not stop using tegsedi without first speaking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of levetiracetam_actavis for adults and older people is 16 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 2 half a tablet each day week 2 one 250 mg tablet week 2 one 250 mg tablet week 2 one and a half 250 mg tablet week 2 and beyond two 250 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a tablet of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . in children and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . in children and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . in children and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . in children and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . in children and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . in children and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one tablet each day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_copd_symptoms are experienced ( see section " warnings and precautions "). your doctor , nurse or pharmacist should show you how to use elebrato ellipta . if your symptoms do not improve if your copd symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or get worse , or if you are using your quick - acting inhaler more often : contact your doctor as soon as possible . you should use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_copd_symptoms . if your symptoms do not improve if your copd symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do not improve or have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and /
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the evening or 100 mg in the evening . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have problems with your kidneys , your doctor may decide to continue to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you do not respond adequately to treatment , your doctor will check your dose and will inform you if you need to change doses of injections . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is 4 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is 4 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 40 mg every week or 1 mg every other week . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 22 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 22 mg or 22 mg twice a day . if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for non - hodgkin ' s age if you have not been treated before for multiple myeloma , and you are suitable for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you have not been treated before for mantle cell lymphoma you will receive lenalidomide every day as a single dose . in order to prevent medication errors it is important to check the vial labels to ensure that the medicine being prepared and given is lenalidomide ( trastuzumab ) and not trastuzumab emtansine . if you take more lenalidomide than you should if you accidentally inject too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take lenalidomide if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with palforzia will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with asthma or asthma . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . asthma should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of asthma or asthma of asthma . your doctor will decide how much palforzia you need and how often you should take it depending on your condition . your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of asthma for adults and children is 40 mg for each kg of body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may then increase or decrease the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to one tablet every other day . if you have the impression that the effect of maintenance_treatment is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . use in children and adolescents asthma should not be used in children and adolescents aged 12 years and above . use in children and adolescents asthma is not recommended in children and adolescents aged 12 years and above . use in children and adolescents asthma is not recommended in children and adolescents aged 12 years and above . use in children and adolescents asthma is not recommended in children and adolescents aged 12 years and above . use in children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents under 12 years of age . if you have not been treated before for the first time , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor immediately . if you are given more sachets than you should this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse by a doctor , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . in the unlikely event of accidental overdose , your doctor will monitor you for side effects .
always take zerene exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in treating restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of restlessness . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your
